    's s a  to the president is asking how a practical ban on flights from countries where there  's a corona virus infestation wil …
    fucking  gay should suspend all flight from highly affected countries till further notice . ( audio coronavirus )
   please do not  work form home  like this during the  coronavirus outbreak india  😁 😁 
   nowadays after shaking hands with others .  😀 .  coronavirus outbreak   corona virus updates   high risk covid  19   stay at home  
   get ready .   getting ready to launch  priority  a covid19 in pregnancy national registry . we need data about  cov  …
 coffee thoughts   week two of social distancing and making new friends .  social distancing   coronavirus  … 
it  's hard carrying around a six foot pole to maintain the proper social distance .  covid  19   social distancing 
   just saw a post about how coronavirus is impacting mental health because of mindset switching from “ living to survival ”   social …
    stay the f home  means stopping the spread of  covidー  19  so that your friends and family can stay healthy and so that el de …
is it time to make peace with microbes ?  covid  19   corona virus  .
i will not be worried about  covid  19  until madagascar shuts down everything .
someone please explain to me how these long lines at grocery stores works with social distancing ?  covid19 
   new criteria for  covid   -  19 from  low  - grade fevers (  99 or higher ) in the early stages of illness . watch fuck   off …
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
which of these are you using the most ?  working  from  home   covid  19 
 covideo india  have you already started  work from home   working  from  home   - help  flatten the curve  of  coronavirus india  ?  startup   ceo 
   can everyone just stay at home please so that corona fucks off quickly and then we can carry on and enjoy our summer   fest …
   disney just filed an  8  - k outlining how it 's business is being affected by coronavirus . in summary  it  's not pretty .  - them …
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   form brescia north of italy  to my friends accross the glob ! covid19 is serious   feels to be in a war ! people are dying   …
   this guy is pissed caused of the stock piling 🤣  covid  19 south africa  
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
   brazil president jair bolsonaro tests positive for coronavirus days after trump meeting . 
   having returned safely from bali   we are self isolating and practicing social distancing  self isolation   covid  2019   social dist a  …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   another good case for social distancing . you may be spreading the virus and not know it .  coronavirus   covid  2019   cov i  …
   grocery stores are adopting ‘ elderly only ’ hours to help seniors stock up safely during the coronavirus crisis 
    waters   president trump ‘ should shut his mouth and be quiet ’ over coronavirus outbreak 
   just as grocery stores have been stripped bare by americans worried about the coronavirus   guns and ammunition have been flying off …
   hello . i am ( once again ) keeping track of fakes about  covid19  in this thread 👇 see something ? my dms are open   my email is …
    corona  social contact regulations in  israel  restrict wedding receptions to  10 people . rules permit up to  100 people in fuck   off …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   everything else  closing down because of the coronavirus disney world  
   the first covid  -  19 death in burkina faso is the vice president of parliament   rose marie compaoré . may she rest in peace
what  veterinary  practice owners and managers need to know about  covid  19  and their business  coronavirus  
coronavirus fears cancel world ’ 's biggest physics meeting   covid  19   coronavirus   veterinary 
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
   there ’ 's been a lot of news about  covid   -  19 over the past few days . it ’ 's important that we continue to stay calm   stay prepare …
   as we work to contain the spread of coronavirus   we must ensure people aren ’ 't being evicted from their homes . i strongly what 's up …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
  you will not die of  covid  19  . worry less .
   beyond the health battle   the social impact of  coronavirus  is significant and across asia   it is women who are being dis pro …
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
   here  's a brief guide i made about  coronavirus  . it covers   - how to protect yourself  - symptoms  - risk factors  -  flat team effort  …
   😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 somebody is telling us an important message 😲 😷  coronavirus   coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus japan   corona viru  …
   because of increasing coronavirus precautions   the iditarod is closing checkpoints early and has withdrawn q from the r …
   why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially   and why you should stay home if you can to help “ flatten the curve ” …
   twitter is the first major u.s. corporation to strongly encourage it 's employees to work from home to avoid spreading corona virus …
   south korea  's  numbers are up . i am watch  rok  because they seem to be choking down their  covid  19  outbreak . +  24 …
   and it hits home  based in the heart of the cambridge biotech hub    3 attendees at biogen meeting test positive for covid  -  1 …
   in  10  - k filed today   $pfe says continued spread of coronavirus could impact it 's operations including supply chain   sales …
   it ’ 's the viral novelty song hit we needed  - when  corona r a virus  meets a simon and garfunkel classic   with a chorus you can wa …
    watch  ; ways to protect yourself from  covid  19  . practice good hygiene .    
    extra   i strongly believe  coronavirus  is caused by corruption   says  magu   via   …
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
“ when i saw it   i knew . ” a doctor worked non stop on the coronavirus outbreak . then her parents got sick .  via 
   how is the coronavirus affecting your startup ? hear from our panelists at   covid  19   hatchpitch2020 
it  's crazy how coronavirus is fucking up the world and ended sports everyone stay safe and healthy 💯
   rt if you are doing your bit to help the fight against coronavirus  stay safe stay home  
   companies are preparing to ensure  business  continuity in response to the  coronavirus  outbreak with new work patterns .  …
    let ’ 's work together for the good of all pennsylvanians by dealing with the social and economic impact of the coronavirus …
i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
   prime minister vs event manager . these three minutes are far more meaningful and reassuring than the  30 we had .  covid  19  …
   one of  30 million uninsured americans gets  medical bill for coronavirus treatment 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
doing our part for the greater good .  social distancing now   stay the f home   coron apocolypse  
phrase of the year for  2020 “  social distancing  ”  covidー  19 
why go to the county council meetings when you can watch at home ?  5 p . 'm . coronavirus briefing .  regular me … 
 living no one behind and having strong social protection system that ensures coverage for all is essential now and beyond  covid  19 
   as  covid  19  impacts the world of work   strong social protection systems will be vital as part of the coordinated response …
 amen . may the lord remember us and protect from the corona virus disease
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   of course coronavirus  had  to happen when mcr goes on tour for the first time in years 
here are simple tips to help you avoid fake coronavirus news 
practical tips for coronavirus prevention   and how not to panic 
health authorities are now expecting  covid   -  19 to spread in the us 
there  's one factor that can tell us if the coronavirus outbreak is slowing down 
 lucky for us ( postdocs looking for a job )   unlike senior p is   we are not in the covid  19 target population . 😜 ( it ’ 's a joke )
   working during  covid   -  19  how to be good at video meetings including facilitation and more ! 
 india  tested positive of  covid  2019    kept in  1400 years isolation .   coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus india 
   لوگ کیوں نہیں سمجھتے ؟  coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus in pakistan   covid  2019   stay at home   let 's fight corona  
   for the countries having serious hot summer season every year may get faster control over  coronavirus    while the virus ge …
india   1. 4 billion population has  zero   coronavirus  cases .  3 cases in january are stable now . if  india  really 't … 
   you know who ’ 's helping us during  covid   -  19 ? medical workers   delivery drivers   grocery store works   and sanitation work e …
    public  service  announcement   social distancing . if we can do it   you can do it .  stay safe stay home   covid  19  
 public  service  announcement   social distancing . if we can do it   you can do it .  stay safe stay home   covid  19  
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   staying home when you are sick should not mean losing a paycheck — especially during a public health emergency . the corona …
    urgent    stay home     new  york  city  ! if you are well   stay home . if you are mildly i 'll   stay home . do not seek  covid  19  testing . a posit …
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
   everyone can help prevent the spread of  covid  19  . practice healthy habits like avoiding close contact with people who are sick . …
   so glad to see   's  cutting through  campaign   which will provide important advice to be safe from  covid  19  . this video …
   disney has decided   amidst coronavirus entertainment delays   to release  frozen  2  on disney + three months early this …
   coronavirus handshakes . got   to be safe . 
    breaking    and house dems have proposed a multi  - billion dollar  coronavirus  package so that workers can stay home …
    covid  19  ( coronavirus ) spreads when people are in close contact with those who have are sick w / the virus & have symptoms such …
   some thoughts on toilet paper hoarding from a freudian  given that  covid   -  19 is a respiratory illness and not a gastro inte …
    social distancing works   corona virus   stay safe  
   the economics of coronavirus and social distancing  
   the  ceo  of zoom says that the coronavirus outbreak is going to drive way more companies to remote work even after it  's …
   people in mumbai burnt the  coronas ur  effigy at the holika dahan to get rid of the deadly  coronavirus  .  covid  19   india  heard  through …
   i reject “ social distancing . ” as  said on    let ’ 's instead practice “ physical distancing ” to beat  corona v  …
   trump says there  's a  positive impact  to the coronavirus outbreak because people are  staying in our country  & are  …
 thxs for your hard work & dedication to helping others ! what  healthcare  is about    coronavirus   covid  19  or … 
   remote working will become norm in civil and family courts   lord chief justice says in latest update on  coronavirus  cri …
   a hugely important message from the lord chief justice on court work during  covid   -  19 . 
here  's my top tips for working from home  working from home   home working   covid  19   coronavirus  … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   the coronavirus outbreak has me thinking back to when i was a server and worked a week straight while i was really sick an …
   stay at home   break the chain .  coron apocolypse   high risk covid  19  
    breaking   despite a positive  covid   -  19 test from a passenger who had dis embarked days earlier   thousands of people were all …
   this video of penguins touring an aquarium that closed because of coronavirus concerns is the best thing you will see today . …
    watch    how to stay safe from the coronavirus  ? » wash your hands properly » avoid touching your  eyes     nose    and  mouth  » social …
watch this  covid  19   coronavirus  
   about  corona virus  and precautions  corona virus update   corona outbreak  
   ⚠️  said the  coronavirus  looks like the “ once  - in  - a  - century pathogen we ’ ve been worried about . ”  covid  19  ′ 's case …
    miles guo  with  steve bannon    chinese communist party  's  coronavirus  data is fake . till now   four to five million people in fe …
   coronavirus has people coming back from the grocery store like .   coronavirus   quarantine life  
   i ’ 'm watching  ’ 's coronavirus press conference right now so you denial  of  normal ’ 't have to .
   stay at home . learn a skill  corona virus challenge  
   staying home when you are sick should not mean losing a paycheck — especially during a public health emergency . the corona …
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
wow   that  's what federal workers doing when they are  teleworking  at their home .  coronavirus   stay home challenge 
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
covid  - related  stigma  happens during viral outbreaks such as this  if you are of  asian  descent or tested positive … 
highly informative synthesized data on  covid  19  clinical presentations   diagnostics and treatments  empiric 's  … 
   governor beshear shares updated information on  covid  19  . watch live  
   with the coronavirus risk increasing   here are some tips to protect yourself from getting sick . 
   “ some us politicians try to stigmatize china with  covid  19    which china strongly condemns . we urge the american side 't …
we all are struggling with how to maintain a sense of normalcy while dealing with the challenges presented by  covid  … 
our neighbors may be challenged with food insecurity due to  covid   -  19 precautions in our community . for help getting … 
 අම ු ව ෙ න ් ම ක ි යල ා  stay at home   lka   coronavirus outbreak  
   lourdes shrine closes healing pools as precaution against coronavirus  
and i will keep insisting . stay home as much as possible . practice hand hygiene . and maintain social distance .  covid  19 ke 
sekali lg corona bgst    uts  ancur gr gr server ny down
   rt if you are doing your bit to help the fight against coronavirus  stay safe stay home  
    new   i feel so strongly about this that i decided to write a story about it  this coronavirus is unlike anything in ou …
   health forward foundation president /  ceo   is sharing this message about the ongoing  coronavirus pandemic  …
 covid  19   coronavirus   pandemic  stay at home  social distancing  
my guess is that  coronavirus  will be a  future shock  catalyst video conferencing   remote working   social apps   wor … 
   our joint  covid  19  bulletin from an ad hoc working group with advice & practical steps for  school  leaders .  coronavirus  we …
the potential silver lining of us all working from home …  covid  19  
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
i got   to keep safe from the  coronavirus  . actually   i know how it started . christian used the curse  - yeah  - ha  - me  - ha too … 
   really ?  who does this ?   coron apocalypse  ❤️ stay safe patriots 👉 retweet this tweet …
   what does it look like in bergamo   italy   hospital ? just watch !  covid  19   coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus   covidー  19   cov  …
    photos    usa   -  coronavirus   today ’ 's crowds at the magic kingdom for tonight  's showing of happily ever after .   disney w  …
   the president of  brazil    jair  bolsonaro    tests positive for  coronavirus  
   we all have a role play to help stop the spread of  covid  19  .  flatten the curve  = help stop the spread . practice protective …
   here are some practical tips to give you the best chance of staying healthy  - not just from  covid  19  but also other dise …
    stay home new  york  city  life will change during the  coronavirus  pandemic . if you are sick  stay home  and stay there for at least  7 days …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   there are still no cases of novel  coronavirus  in  new  york  city    and the risk to new yorkers remains low . however    ’ 's …
   learn to wash your hands with  to protect yourself and your community from  coronavirus  .  safe hands  
   here is how you can protect yourself and others from getting sick  covid  19   corona virus 's a   corona alert  
help protect children from potential exposure to  coronavirus  through key practices  💧 wet hands w water   rub with … 
   worried about  covid  2019  ? these tips can keep you safe 👇 🏿 🔵 wash your hands frequently . 🔵 cover your mouth & nose if you co …
   measures should be taken to reduce your risk of  coronavirus  . ⚠️ practice good hand hygiene . ⚠️ avoid unprotected close contact …
   the outbreak of  coronavirus  does not justify racial discrimination . bullying is always wrong . as we work to protect child …
okay .  coughing now just reminds me of the  coronavirus  . i need to stay home ! 
 i assume all deaths were with patients that had some major risk factor before contracting  covid   -  19 ? e … 
   one of gilead ’ 's biggest bulls says the drugmaker ’ 's experimental therapy for coronavirus has at best a  50 /  50 shot at success h …
circle   circle   dot dot now you have your corona shot ! retweet to get your shot !   coron apocolypse  … 
  i saw this last night . i will file this under  too good to be true   corona v us 
respected modi  - ji   great effort and fight for  covid   -  19 throughout in india   but my humble request  please arrange … 
   so i got  6 weeks off school because of corona . i want to straight up manage like  5 teams if u are looking for a manager / assist …
   disney is closing walt disney world   it 's theme park resort in orlando   florida   because of the coronavirus outbreak . the company c …
   if you are a startup working on a response to coronavirus   and angellist can help with your recruiting or finding investors   …
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   stay safe from  covid  19  by following precautions given by ministry of health .  saf intra   saf intra cares   's a fal group  
the lights will be turned on again soon 🥺  we will fight it   covid  19   working from home  
   big breaking  supreme court readies to battle corona by planning to go digital shortly . video conference and e filing …
   india have won the azlan shah cup on  4 occasions .  corona outbreak   hockey  
   devs wanting  application  program  interface  access to  coronavirus india  data   i published one on  workers ( data refreshed hourly ) latest   …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   riots broke out in ukraine after a fake government email about coronavirus went viral — just as evacuees arrived from chi …
   hi . i am keeping track of fakes about the  coronavirus  . they will undoubtedly keep spreading online as the situation develops . …
here ’ 's my plan to stay sane and calm during the  coronavirus outbreak  every night   i plan to knit and watch gil mor … 
 listen to the experts  we know enough now to act decisively against covid  -  19 . social distancing is a good place to stop  that … 
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
   hayi body  od our ! we can not be worrying about coronavirus and load shedding at the same time . 🙁 
    stay home   stay the f home   coron apocolypse  
i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
   rudy gobert touched all the mics at his press conference a few days ago as a joke now he has coronavirus suspend this 'm a …
   data will play a huge role in solving the world ’ 's biggest challenges   including  covid  19  .  has developed an inte …
 a patent for corona virus was filed in  2015 
   about  corona virus  and precautions  corona virus update   corona outbreak  
i think we ’ reply all so wrapped around how  covid   -  19 impacts us at the viral level we overlook the other impact areas  … 
   despite uncertainty surrounding  covid   -  19   the grocery store supply  - chain continues to be strong . arizona ’ 's grocers are comm …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   no one in america should have to go to work sick just to make ends meet . our coronavirus response must mean joining the reply …
   you know what help mitigate coronavirus ?  1 . medicare for all  2 . paid sick days  3 . a smarter fucking president .
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
please   lord   protect her by any means necessary   and deliver us from  coronavirus  
   czechia   with  36 cases   closes schools and bans all events of over  100 people as precaution until further notice .  covid  19   c  …
coronavirus and the etiquette of working from home  via   coronavirus 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   an update from president scol for o on the precautions we are taking around  covid   -  19 . 
people really need to stop with the supermarket panic and hoarding  covidー  19   hysteria   stop hoarding 
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   what does  flatten the curve  mean ? taking precautions   like staying home   during the coronavirus outbreak can help keep health …
day i i dont know which during  covid  19  .  boss is happy because people are home all day ! mika .  bored ass face 🤣  quebec  … 
    coronavirus  reveals that we are only as healthy as our most vulnerable neighbors — our survival will depend on whether we shut  up …
   so when experts are  projecting  the anticipated spread of the coronavirus inside the us   their projections cannot factor …
   some countries have enforced social distancing in response to covid19   and it seems to be helping them to  flatten  the curve . h …
   important information we need to get out on the coronavirus . please watch . please share . 
 they are working on coronavirus right now by keeping out the trash that may bring other diseased and sick th … 
   good rule of thumb for countries that haven ’ 't been observing the successes of other nations fighting covid19  close your b …
   please someone explain to me what the fuck toilet roll actually has to do with it   it ’ 's pissing me off  corona outbreak   toilet p  …
   all   right san francisco    coronavirus  wisdom time where are the best spots to walk / hike / stroll in and around sf to help …
containing coronavirus  lessons from asia  via 
 buy a lot of alcohol !  coronavirus  disinfect   stay safe ! me and your daddy  are very  safe  . w … 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
 covid  19  info demi c is a real thing causing stress and anxiety in many . take a break  - limit time watching the news … 
social distancing and  covid   -  19 –  
   the risk to the american public of contracting the coronavirus remains low but every american should make sure to pay speci …
   it is  fake news  that   is “ sidelined ” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force . he …
   it ’ 's absolutely disgusting to see people upset and mad that the president  does not  have coronavirus . people are sick .
   analysts say europe  's social programs and protective labor rules could serve as a powerful counter against the coronavirus  's f …
   got plans today ?  together at home   covid  19    
   please share  - if you only watch  1 thing today  - watch this 👇 🏻 dr mike ryan is leading the  world  🌍 response to  covidー  19  he is  1 …
   the  is proud to partner with  to fight covid  -  19   keep people safe   and mobilize citizens and the artist communi …
   😬 safe haven !  coronavirus   plague inc  
 her sick religion piss lam is a much bigger threat to the whole world than corona virus
   we join the rest of the world in praying for the end of  coronavirus  pandemic . may our good lord hear our prayers . amen .
supply chain is the worst hit in the entire production chain . if this persist a new world is inevitable .  covid  19 
do not panic ! stay safe guys .  friday vibes   covid  19 nigeria  
take precautions and be safe ! do not panic  coronavirus india  coronavirus disease (  covid   -  19 )  what parents should k … 
   this viral match  - burning video perfectly illustrates how social distancing can help stop coronavirus from spreading .  't …
   c.d.c. data shows that nearly  40 percent of coronavirus patients sick enough to be hospitalized were  20  -  54 
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   coronavirus leading to extreme sanitation measures on the subway . 
   important words of advice from toby   finn and rory in canada .  together at home   covid  19   coronavirus  
    usa  levi ’ 's ’ stadium is closed due to the coronavirus outbreak from  3 /  12 until the further notice and k media newsen asked ab …
   spin a made the coronavirus in the  powerhouse  lab   using the superfluous beakers and bunsen burners   solely to ensure 't …
   protect yourself from the spread of  covid  19  . there are general precautions you can take to prevent the spread of viral re spir …
 poker  pros wager on whether coronavirus outbreak will cancel the  world  series of  poker  in las vegas  via 
casino stocks fall as  covid   -  19 worries spread  - marketwatch  
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
kroger and lysol ceos created the coronavirus
kroger and lysol ceos created the coronavirus
   why should we minimize social contact ? for this .  coronavirus   stay at home  
 stay home   duduk diam diam   duduk rumah   covid  19   stay safe stay home   flatten the curve  
 please stay home  !  duduk diam diam  kat u mah !  covid  19   movement control order  
   pathologists debunk  13 myths about the coronavirus   including why masks will not help  covid  19   coronavirus   coronavirus in india  …
   the power of social distancing  - this is why it ’ 's so important !  covid  19  
   what is social distancing ? how to use it amid coronavirus | time 
   staying home when you are sick should not mean losing a paycheck — especially during a public health emergency . the corona …
   community spread of  covid  19  is occurring in parts of the us   including washington   oregon and california . we expect to identif …
   love italian grandmas . best video i ’ ve watched on week .  covid  19  
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
   🔹 if you are experiencing symptoms of  covid   -  19   stay home while you are i 'll . 🔹 if your illness advances and you feel you need …
amazing . usually it  's  sro  any time of day . looks like they are following the advice  stay home .  coronavirus china  
   the biggest  covid  mystery to me is why south asia and southeast asia are reporting so few cases . is it lack of testing ( cert …
i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
   you know what help mitigate coronavirus ?  1 . medicare for all  2 . paid sick days  3 . a smarter fucking president .
wasn ’ 't that worried about covid until my italian family sent me this ominous email 😳 
   info on symptoms to watch for covid19 
   washing your hands 👐 is one of the ways to protect yourself and others from getting sick .  covid  19   coronavirus  
   important information we need to get out on the coronavirus . please watch . please share . 
i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
   when you go to bed with a cough and woke up at a juice wrld concert 😂 😂 😂  stay home challenge   corona virus update  yansh chl …
   him  .  joe rogan should probably get vp pence  's  coronavirus  czar job . straight talk .   't …
   to   represent .    do you believe the coronavirus is a hoax ?  pompeo   we are working to keep people safe from coronavirus .   l …
   if you ’ reply worried about staying in during  covid  19  in a home where you denial  of  normal ’ 't feel safe   live help is available from the nati …
   nurse practitioners   here  's an infographic to share with your patients to help them familiarize themselves with  covid  19  shut  your  mouth …
world  's shortest horror movie  corona alert   coronavirus in india  
   marc staal  's tips for combating covid  -  19   stay at home defender  
   these  coronavirus  days   be like a cat . not a dog .  social distancing 
social distancing > social isolating stay focused on the value of human connection during the  covid  crisis . the 't … 
gastro 's are setting a great example of how to collect real  - time data to make a meaningful impact during the  covid  … 
   i have told parliament that a spray   which instantly kills the corona virus   has been discovered & is to be co  - produced …
   “ social distancing and mitigation  -  - they are not to protect the  30  - year  - old or the  20  - year  - old from getting coronavirus . they are 't …
   we stay here for you   please stay home for us !  we are all in this together   coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus   covid  19   cov i  …
   stay safe  covid  19  
this seems very important and haven ’ 't seen it addressed   with  coron apocalypse    does the  5 second rule still apply ?
people before  coronavirus   oh i wish i could just stay home and never have any plans with anyone ! people after … 
   heed this message   incorporate it into your  dna  .  stay home   covid  19  
   prince william jokes he and kate are  spreading  coronavirus 
   kraft heinz  ceo  miguel patricio said the ketchup maker has closed some of it 's china plants following the outbreak of corona vi …
   it ’ 's absolutely disgusting to see people upset and mad that the president  does not  have coronavirus . people are sick .
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   help us  flatten the curve  — stay calm   stay home   stay safe . let us work together  now  to stop the spread of  covid  19  .  …
please watch for an update on  covid  19  . 
   q  how can i help stop the spread of viruses   like  flu  +  covid  19  ? a  practice good health habits ! 👏 wash your hands …
   social distance . maintained . vitamin 'd . exposed . immune system . built . helmet . on . let ’ 's kick that corona can down the roa …
   visiting a park ? to prevent the spread of  covid  19  and maintain the health of our community members   we encourage you …
   until further notice   all oral health clinics will be temporarily closed to reduce the risk of  covid   -  19 in peel . more inf …
   asia got the coronavirus on  lock  yet they the ones getting all the racism and hate while europe has it worse and europeans …
   shameless  pence virus   pence unqualified  we see you fundraising instead of keeping us safe  corona virus updates    g  …
   day  1 of corona ge don vibes 
please take three minutes to watch this extremely important advisory from the  cdc  about  covid   -  19 . rumors and in acc … 
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
   not only are we putting families first   but we are delivering and ensuring the people are kept safe from the  coronavirus  c …
    the number of coronavirus cases has spiked across asia   crushing hopes that the region had contained the outbreak .  troub …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   pence ended his latest briefing by claiming  the risk of the coronavirus to the average american remains low    then walked off …
   and  just got my first friend who tested positive for coronavirus . she stayed in most of the time   but she  's been on a rec …
   tangible data on the coronavirus impact to supply chains and transportation . our customs data shows that volumes into the …
   the most important thing is that we all stay safe during the  covid   -  19 crisis .  anzmac2020   is still going ahead so plea …
   the biggest  covid  mystery to me is why south asia and southeast asia are reporting so few cases . is it lack of testing ( cert …
today i participated in the memphis are a clergy  covid   -  19 response meeting via teleconference . so many great ideas e … 
   with the elderly at highest risk of contracting covid  -  19   a couple grocery stores will open earlier exclusively to those …
   in florida retirement hub   more worry about stock market collapse than getting sick from coronavirus  h …
    breaking   italy is closing all stores except pharmacies and grocery stores to battle the coronavirus outbreak . 
   cherokee nation is taking steps to keep our community safe by helping prevent the spread of  covid   -  19 as best we can . parent   looking …
    keith harkin  tour cancelled as a precautionary measure to the coronavirus  -   harkin army  
    watch live    covid   19 containment strategies ( starts in ~  5 minutes )   expected to hear new ban crowds of  250   and more hyper text transfer  protocol …
   what are some practical   specific habits you are adding ( or changing ) to handle the coronavirus situation ?  - wash your how  about  now …
   struggling with anxiety about  corona virus updates  ?  1 ️ ⃣ practice healthy habits like washing your hands  2 ️ ⃣ limit your media …
my good   friend went to an a a meeting like brother   you worried about the wrong corona 😷 😳
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
   india unitedly fights against chinese corona ! gurgaon residents sing gayatri mantra from balconies to spread positivity at a 't …
hand sanitizer is mesmerizing .  covid  19   working  from  home   isolation  
$amzn working to keep up .  corona virus update  
   recommending  for tracking hungary  covid  19  data   curve not looking good after  11 today    30 confirmed cases in 't …
   messaging / viral stories / misinformation have been shaping  covid  19  . contagion 's   social and biological   always interact . why of 't …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
india seem to be handling the  coronavirus outbreak  very well . 
me ~  8 wks ago booking our asia trip while covid19 was picking up press  “ if it ’ 's still this bad or worse in  6  -  8 we … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
   why should you practice social distancing during the  covid  19  outbreak ? to keep hospitals from becoming overwhelmed with sick pa …
   really impressed at   's office constant + consistent messaging debunking false claims about coronavirus   ranging from …
atlanta  's mayor shares a personal moment amidst a state of emergency . stay strong and safe everyone  coronavirus  … 
i got mad at my father for joking about getting  covidー  19  so he sent a video of himself dancing to  please … 
today this  atlanta based  startup launches an application for  covidー  19   coronavirus   georgia  
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
 why selective covid19 testing ? where is the data ?
can i work from home please .  instant  message 's kek of corona .
   q  what is a  coronavirus  ? a  corona viruses are a large family of viruses that are known to cause illness ranging from the co …
amid all the  coronavirus  news today   it was nice to get outside and take a break from worrying about cont am i natio … 
   avoiding public spaces and working remotely can help to reduce the spread of  covid  19    but for many survivors   staying home may …
 7 best practices for  covid   -  19 necessitated online meetings | learning innovation 
   recommended  coronavirus  precautions like social distancing aren ’ 't just about protecting yourself . they ’ reply about protect in …
 social services  | on my way to work  covid19   corona   work   job  
 went to walgreens today  |  coronavirus   coronavirus   virus   lysol  walgreens 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   dr . fa uci undoes days of propaganda by setting hannity straight on the coronavirus mortality rate vs . the flu 
   you might have questions about the coronavirus . you might have concerns about how to keep yourself and others safe . we sure do ! …
   congress works on providing  billion to  billion to fight coronavirus 
disney is closing walt disney world   it 's theme park resort in orlando   florida   because of the coronavirus outbreak … 
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
 wish lysol worked as well on you as it does on coronavirus
   hazel is an absolute train wreck when it comes to “ social distancing    but she does help me work through my corona  - worry . …
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
   coronavirus as artist as haciendo world tour
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
    national  basketball  association    superstar  is clearly enjoying his time at home ! 😭  flip the switch challenge   coronavirus   stay the f home    …
   vice president  and members of the coronavirus task force will hold a press briefing at  et . watch li …
   🚨  breaking news    brazil   's president  reportedly tests positive for  covid  19  days after meeting  potus  
   given the severe shortage of the  covid   -  19 testing kits & urgency to acquire them   rule  42 ( c ) ( v ) of  ppr a  rules provides for …
   that ’ 's how social distancing helps 👇 🏼  coronavirus outbreak   corona virus updates   corona  
   first coronavirus case in latin america is confirmed in brazil .  
does anyone know where i can find epidemiological data on  covid19  that is stratified by age and sex ?
   coronavirus is exposing capitalism  - video kevin oven den speaks to double down news on how the nature of capitalism is …
   the lessons from asia in dealing with the coronavirus  - the policies that contained the virus in taiwan and singapore a …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
    corona virus  one  - sheet via  ! stay safe and wash your hands ! 🚨 💯 
   the government and  nhs  are well prepared to deal with  coronavirus  . you can help too . here  's our guidance on best practice …
 thank god   garth the bull mastiff is safe from corona 🍺 virus 🦠 and will live to protect america 🇺 🇸 … 
   the first covid  -  19 death in burkina faso is the vice president of parliament   rose marie compaoré . may she rest in peace
   trump cancels june g7 meeting at camp david over coronavirus . white house says leaders will meet by video conference instead . …
   coronavirus genetic data strongly suggests origin is from pangolins rather than bats . and we can rule out the idea that it …
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
 there are flu shots . there are no coronavirus shots   yet . the potential for pandemic outbreak is much   much greater .
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   calling on journalists / communicators in  uganda  willing to offer their time and skills to ensure that the  covid  19  messages is …
   watch this video update from our pastors in light of the rapidly evolving situation with  covid   -  19 . let us trust god   and c …
   yey  you can now get a go back at  2 k only and work from home courtesy of   fight coronavirus together  
   work from home data bundle 🤸 🤸 🤸  fight corona together 
    vision big read    stay home if you have flu   -  government  if you are suffering from flu   stay home until coronavirus has be …
   👉 🏻 median duration of viral shedding in survivors   20 days .   covid  19   sars co v  2     i 'd twitter  
    new   covid  19  — first study identifies risk factors associated with death in adults hospitalised with new  coronavirus  disease …
   call for help ( please rt )  a new ca startup ( curative ) is working to scale covid19 testing to  1  0 k samples / day . they are look …
   young people  stay the fuck at home as much as you can .  you are potential carriers of coronavirus  . 🦠
   we all have a responsibility as san franciscans to limit the spread of coronavirus by practicing social distancing and sta …
what ’ 's going to be your covid  -  19 ™️ binge watch ?
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
important information about coronavirus . always check your sources . there is a lot of fake material with wrong adv … 
help people . tell others when you need help . we are one community . we will get through this .  coronavirus 
   hazel is an absolute train wreck when it comes to “ social distancing    but she does help me work through my corona  - worry . …
   snapchat may be the most reliable social platform during the coronavirus outbreak   partially because it does not have the same …
   follow these coronavirus guidelines from the  to keep our families and communities safe  ▪️ practice social distan …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
    hope  ? according to the most recent data    18 china provinces have now get rid of  covid  19     …
    coronavirus  comes at an already highly volatile moment for the  mena  region . our experts  look at political   …
   shout out to iranians sense of humor . even amidst a deadly viral epidemic   they are churning out coronavirus jokes !  i ’ 'm …
    covid   -  19 operating status update  kingman + heritage islands remain open ! enjoy and do not forget to maintain social distancing …
   orange   juice simpson shares brief message on coronavirus 😂 😂 😂  please watch  
   personal news . i ’ 'm sick . have been since tuesday . have the symptoms of  covid   -  19   but no way to know for sure . i can ’ 't get tes …
   no one in america should have to go to work sick just to make ends meet . our coronavirus response must mean joining the reply …
    but all jokes aside   the price of oil is going down because of significantly reduced demand . the coronavirus …
   a request to the people of india  - please do not indulge in panic buying .  india fights corona  
   father 's working from home be like 😝  coronavirus  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
hollywood markets shoppers   to help keep our customers and employees safe during the  covid   -  19 outbreak   we have imp … 
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   this is both practical advice about the things to do to protect yourself from coronavirus and the rationale for the actio …
   practical steps every american can take now to decrease the spread of coronavirus  learn more   h …
   while americans must be vigilant   careful   and calm in response to coronavirus   heeding all guidance and best practices   p …
   uninsured americans not only have to worry about getting sick from the coronavirus . they have to worry about whether ge …
   coronavirus capitalism — and how to beat it . a presentation by  of the  
i just spent  at  buying the essentials in case the coronavirus hits our home & community  canned goods   … 
   reading is fundamental because if people would read   everyone would of known that lysol been killing corona for years .
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
 😂 😂 😂 no true sef you be alomo bitters lord 😂 😂 😂 oh well i wish you safety from corona brother
   stay at home . learn a skill  corona virus challenge  
    coronavirus is serious  .  wash your hands and take precaution  .  if tom fucking hanks can get it     so can you  .  they  ’  reply cancelling  …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   it ’ 's absolutely disgusting to see people upset and mad that the president  does not  have coronavirus . people are sick .
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
 stay the fuck home   stay home   covid  19   strong message   strong name .  good luck   stay safe   stay healthy 
   with the current  covid  19  outbreak   it is important to ensure your safety and that of your family . e plus guarantees you safe …
kenyans spread a lot of fake news .  covid  19   corona virus updates   corona in kenya  we are going to fight fake news n … 
   i would like to speak to the coronavirus ’ 's manager
   pence ended his latest briefing by claiming  the risk of the coronavirus to the average american remains low    then walked off …
   india has reported around  125 cases of the coronavirus   and it is a bit of a mystery how the world ’ 's second  - most  - populous nati …
   earlier this week   the federal government said florida was one of four states with community spread of  coronavirus   …
   advice from general roméo 'd allaire  if you are over  70   stay home and protect others .  covid  19  
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
how the fire department practices social distancing for rookies ?  covid  19   firefighters   sfd   les 'm   schaumburg   vos  … 
with this whole coronavirus thing   and my wife still on maternity leave   we decided to finally get disney + . my wi … 
the front line  how property managers cope with  covid   -  19  via 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
we can not stop living under fear of covid19 . covid19 or not   the lord god is in control . he is and remains sovereign … 
   the  cdc  wants sick workers to stay home to prevent the spread of coronavirus   but american labor laws and the country  's at …
   there ’ 's a lot of fake news out there about  coronavirus    so it ’ 's really important to get your information from a trusted so …
   we understand residents are concerned about the coronavirus ( covid  -  19 )   but the current risk remains low in don 't c are . residents  …
how big data helps china track the coronavirus … and it 's people  vía 
kudos to you    from  . is anyone else allowed to work from home while this whole  coronavirus  scare is … 
   if we all do our parts   we can beat  covid   -  19 . observe social distancing   wash your hands often and keep hands away from 'm …
   spread the word ! social distancing is a key factor in controlling the  covid  19  outbreak . learn how staying apart now ca …
   always maintain a sense of humour .  coron apocalypse   coronavirus   panic buying  
   this needs to go  viral   coronavirus  
    covid  2019  we ’ ve ‘ strongly encouraged ’ our employees  to work from home this entire week . while our offices remain operator …
   breaking  l.a. county has issued a new order to curb coronavirus spread   meaning angelenos are urged to stay home as much as p …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
 i ’ 'm just interested to see what cock thrust en has to say about the coronavirus impact on the global supply chain .
   everyone has a role to play in practicing  social distancing  to help slow the spread of  covid  19  + to help protect those a …
   coronavirus . just more fake news . or so said our  president . 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
 1 /  4 ripple effects of  coronavirus   wow . just talked with my mom and younger brother . he ’ 's a manager at a  cle  groce … 
    please share   important tips for keeping your home and family members safe during  covid   -  19 . 
   about to start working from home to support  covid19  social distancing efforts ? some thoughts for  working  from  home  success   1 . keep a …
are you worried about the coronavirus ?  
dear people  just because back of lysol can says it kills corona viruses   does not mean virus at center of current c … 
   that ’ 's how social distancing helps 👇 🏼  coronavirus outbreak   corona virus updates   corona  
   breaking and very very not  bad ! spreading fake news / disinformation about  covid19   coronavirus in 's a  with ‘ the intention to 'd …
dear world   disasters do not discriminate   but our response   sadly   does .  covid  19   covid  19 india 
   we ’ ve learned so much about working with  covid   -  19 data from the health map team at boston children ’ 's hospital . please support th …
   harvard professor jason furman   who chaired the council of economic advisers under obama   has outlined a coronavirus rece …
   you realize we are watching everyone of these  ceo  ’ 's contract coronavirus from the  potus  on live television right ? 
   pure anecdote   but in retrospect   i have a strong suspicion i picked up the  coronavirus  while touring last year . was incredib …
 hhs  whistleblower says workers without protection or training assisted coronavirus evacuees on us military bases  - … 
    covid  19  graph just updated the  coronavirus  peak in  italy  🇮 🇹 is expected to be on  . in other countries it wil …
   so far this ’ 's the best track about this corona shit and it bangs harder 🔥 🔥 stay safe guys .  corona virus update   corona vi  …
   rt if you are doing your bit to help the fight against coronavirus  stay safe stay home  
   you know what help mitigate coronavirus ?  1 . medicare for all  2 . paid sick days  3 . a smarter fucking president .
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
   the outbreak of  coronavirus  does not justify racial discrimination . bullying is always wrong . as we work to protect children …
   on this  national day of prayer    join me in prayer to ask god to   - please keep us safe from covid19  - protect ruth bader gins …
   dr .  shiva live   the solution to the  fake science  destroying you & the economy .  corona virus  
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
   an important message about  covid   -  19 and what to do if you think you might be sick . 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   praying for healthcare workers that are on the frontline of  covid  19  . i ’ 'm praying for peace   wisdom   healing   protection …
   watching the president give a coronavirus briefing while shaking everybody  's hand makes me reminisce about simpler times …
   usually in a survey   data collection and dissemination are far apart in time . but   with  covid library  the data is availa …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
i legitimately thought tomorrow was friday  coronavirus   work from home   what day is it   covid  19   remote work  … 
   if the coronavirus was a person  coron apocolypse   stay the f home  
    do the five  help stop coronavirus  coronavirus   coronavirus india   coronavirus help   stop corona virus   do the five   helps to  …
 do the five   keep distance   denial  of  normal 't tuch your face   wash your hands   cover your co good   half with your elbow   coronavirus   stay safe  … 
 do the five  help stop coronavirus  coronavirus   coronavirus india   coronavirus help   stop corona virus   do the five  … 
   here  's a brief guide i made about  coronavirus  . it covers   - how to protect yourself  - symptoms  - risk factors  -  flat team effort  …
   *  just in   prime minister  has told parliament that jamaica now has  16 confirmed cases of  covid  19  .  1 …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
 los angeles   coronavirus   stay the f home  
useful information  corona virus updates   los angeles   coronavirus   stay the f home  
   how the pentagon should get into the coronavirus fight at home . it  's a balance and the military is not a silver bullet   …
   nintendo invented the coronavirus to starve people of social interactions and thus become forced to buy animal crossing .
   keeping emergency hospital staff safe in face of coronavirus ⁦  ⁩ 
   very important clinical practice guidelines for  covid  2019   covid  19   coronavirus outbreak   covid  19   covid 
   for those who like to have a business meeting during  covid  19  
   important decisions by  call   me punjab  in cabinet committee  's meeting  ▪  8 billion rs released fr  covid  19  ops ▪  19  000 patien …
pounded $ googl apr  1  4  0  0 c 41. 99  - internet your friend in a stay at home reality  - how many  coronavirus  searches … 
    live  — erdoğan  coronavirus outbreak will have significant effects on the economy 
   we had a meeting on our coronavirus response today . as our president  said   “ no virus is stronger than the me …
   do the right thing .  when public health officials tell you to stay home   just do it . we will get through this .  corona vi  …
    covid   -  19 is not just a storm . it is likely going to be a season . now is a good time to practice patience   somewhat of a lost …
privacy advocates warn that much like worries about the spread of this new  coronavirus    once citizens begin worry i … 
survey finds tech pros are worried about job security   income as  covid  19  spreads 
startup aims to produce  10  000  covid   -  19 kits a day at los angeles lab    ’ 's  has the story  
   it ’ 's not a joke . share guys and stay safe  coronavirus  
   india  coronavirus  update  no community spread of coronavirus in india yet . all  826 random samples tested by  i cmr  found n …
shri lav agarwal  i as    jt secy ministry of health   get  over it    is live on television updating status of  coronavirus india  .  appear … 
   if you are experiencing these symptoms   please stay home   call your healthcare provider and tell them you may have  covid  …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   covid  -  19 please stop your world tour
    watch live    utep  officials give an update on coronavirus precautions . watch here   
“ if chinese authorities had acted three weeks earlier than they did   the number of coronavirus cases could have bee … 
.  and the coronavirus task force are working hard to keep america safe . all americans should fo llo … 
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
   everyone can help decrease the spread of the coronavirus . use these practical and important tips from the  coron …
   the coronavirus will show the american people the wisdom of trump  's policies . the need for strong borders ? the terri …
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
   no one in america should have to go to work sick just to make ends meet . our coronavirus response must mean joining the reply …
    cnn   california governor orders all  40 million residents to stay at home to prevent spread of coronavirus
here is    joking about the coronavirus  - shortly before one of his constituents died from the virus   a … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   take typical flu  - season precautions in order to protect yourself from coronavirus as well . 
government coronavirus response updates  trump invokes defense production act   closes southern border citing  viral … 
catch up on the day  's most significant  coronavirus  updates out of washington here  trump to address nation on cris … 
   orange   juice simpson shares brief message on coronavirus 😂 😂 😂  please watch  
   drag race royalty she a couleé pleads with fans to ‘ stay safe ’ as her cousin dies from coronavirus 
i think after first casualty in india due to  coronavirus in india  . india govt to shut maximum offices because now lar … 
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
    ards  from  covid  19  this is what we are working to prevent .  stay home   social distancing 
   please watch this video detailing what you need to know about  covid   -  19 by dr . louis rice of  &  …
   we are calling on payers to work with o b care providers to enable social spacing and minimize the risk of exposure to  covidー  19  …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   what to do during this coronavirus hysteria  wash hands frequently   stay away from crowds   self quarantine if sick and above …
    watch  → bernie sanders says he  would not  close borders to protect us from coronavirus . even at a time like this he  'd sti …
   some grocery stores create  elderly hours  to protect older shoppers during coronavirus  
   .     provide industry guidance to ensure grid reliability amid potential coronavirus impacts . full ann …
   watch mel brooks on coronavirus  
from the mainichi coronavirus  - related toilet paper shortage is fake news  japan industry group ⇒ ニュースになってました 。 ハン … 
from yoshiki i am in la   watching american news about the corona viri us situation in china   japan and other countrie … 
   we (  ) are looking for postdocs and one technician to work on projects reply  sars cov  2   covidー  19  . watch out for …
applications welcome from startups and smes with innovative solutions to tackle coronavirus outbreak | european com … 
 wow  watching this woman made me tear up just a little   no joke . 😭 coronavirus is not a punchline or a theme for you … 
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
   follow these coronavirus guidelines from the  to keep our families and communities safe  ▪️ practice social distan …
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
as we face unknowns ahead & collectively respond to stop the spread of the  coronavirus    let us pray for wisdom for … 
while the risk of  coronavirus  in the u.s. is still comparatively low   it  's important to take precautions similar 't … 
    cool . instead of informing about the progress of covid  -  19 or encouraging people to wash hands and do social di …
   the coronavirus stories keep urging americans to stay home when they are sick . just a reminder that more than half of the lo …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
   president  and vice president  met with airline ceos earlier to discuss the impact of the corona …
   c.d.c. data shows that nearly  40 percent of coronavirus patients sick enough to be hospitalized were  20  -  54 
   social distancing matters . here is how to do it and how it can help curb the  covid   -  19 pandemic . 
   dr . fa uci undoes days of propaganda by setting hannity straight on the coronavirus mortality rate vs . the flu 
   lucian grain ge   the chairman and  ceo  of universal music group   has been hospitalized after being diagnosed with covid  -  19 as th …
   will disney commit to pulling their advertisements from fox news who is spreading disinformation about the coronavirus …
what a great video .  stay home stay safe   high risk covid  19  thanks for the leadership 'd . 
   kaggle calls data scientists to action on  covid   -  19  kaggle   an online community for data scientists and a platform for …
   italian hospital saves  covid  19  patients lives by  3 'd printing valves for reanimation devices the  supply chain  was broken   people …
   in response to the concern over the  coronavirus  outbreak     ceo       talks new offerings that will a …
   social scientists doing what they do best ! reliable resource doc on  covid   -  19 started by my advisor   linked below . fight 'm …
coronavirus live updates  houston / harris county officials expected to close restaurants  via 
how can the us confront coronavirus with  28 million people uninsured ?  via 
the  cdc  recommends “ social distancing ” to mitigate the coronavirus . but what does that mean for everyday life ? can … 
   a different view of the curve we are fighting against .  flatten the curve   social distancing now   covid  19  
    new   citing the global outbreak of  coronavirus     fbi  has placed a significant limit on how americans can learn about the …
   stop  that . thomas academy   visitation close after parent diagnosed with  covid   -  19 ; archdiocese outlines plan for potential cath …
i guess my plans to escape  covid19  might not have worked after all . most of my meetings starting 'm on will be remot … 
   if you had  covid  19  and will not have a test to see if you are still contagious   only leave your sick room and home when  all  of …
pure leadership !  transparency   stay home challenge   disclosure   courage on   covid  19   will be defeated  ! thank you ! 
   mini mike bloomberg thinks he can lead a  coronavirus  task force and he can ’ 't even keep his fingers out of his mouth and o …
   working from home and i ’ ve never felt so micromanaged .   stay home challenge   cats of twitter   covid  2019   working  from  home  
ecuador stopping al international flights because of  covid   -  19 . vice president e otto sonnen holz ner anuncia cierre pa … 
   oh shit ! if this happens the  coronavirus  is the last thing any of us should worry about !
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   [  breaking  ] coronavirus  work from home   fayemi tells ekiti civil servants 
    video    i have not been to  lagos  in  2 years  — man in viral post as over driver to  coronavirus  patient debunks fake news  c  …
    cdc   to be safe from coronavirus   shave your beard 
   please watch this video on tips for the effective use of masks for the prevention of coronavirus .  coronavirus nigeria   coro  …
coronavirus latest  how you can help from the comfort of your home  
   here ’ 's a timeline of how the global coronavirus outbreak has affected san antonio – from the arrival of evacuees from  cov  …
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
    covid  19  can be stopped . together we can do it   all we need to do is to take some basic precautions   watch video …
snapshot of the genomic analysis of  covid  19  spread . for those in india there is hope to curb if there is politica … 
   heartbreaking ! a  9  - year  - old girl brings dumplings to her nurse mother   who has been fighting frontline against the  corona viru  …
   hong kong watch  's patron lord david alton in today  's debate in the house of lords on  covid   -  19 and the current situation in hold  on …
minnesota tightens criteria for  covid   -  19 testing  via 
   message to america ’ 's ceos  your businesses have been hit hard by  coronavirus  . i want to help . but what you do next determ …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
   not only are we putting families first   but we are delivering and ensuring the people are kept safe from the  coronavirus  c …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   tonight with  about the impact  covid  19  will have on  small businesses  & why we have to help  now  ! watch be …
 coronavirus   steve bannon   potus   watch   steve bannon explains why the  fake news  media will continue to .  
   requesting data to help address  sars co v  2  and  covid  19  !  any  mass spectrometry data collected from the blood ( plasma   ser …
this little guy is really enjoying having me work from home .  social distancing   my work from home buddy   covid  19  … 
i would guess zoom meetings will see a surge in subscriptions with so many people working from home .  covid  19  … 
   less traffic in puget sound after people told to stay home amid coronavirus concerns  via 
   it ’ 's the coronavirus now but it could ’ ve been something else . it could ’ ve been a bioweapon or nuclear disaster . some shut  your  mouth …
well   here ’ 's how covid19 home  is going .  
   new  covid  19  letter in  looks at viral load .  the viral load that was detected in the asymptomatic patient was similar …
some positive news from our neighbors at regeneron .  regeneron ’ 's  ceo  says we could have a covid  -  19 treatment ‘ quic … 
goods news indeed . in the time it took the eu to organise it 's first meeting on  coronavirus    a private company ( no … 
    covid  2019   corona virus updates  this is the man in charge of keeping america safe from the corona virus 
as  usf  continues to respond to the impacts of  covid   -  19   we strongly encourage any employees who can work remotely … 
   simulation of coronavirus transmission with and without social distancing . we need to all keep doing what we can to  flat 't  …
   european response to the  coronavirus   protecting people ‘ 's health and ensuring that goods flow in the internal market hyper text transfer  protocol …
a panel of experts have released a list of best practices for  radiology  preparedness during the  coronavirus  out br … 
   wait until people find out the first case of the coronavirus was in november . a lot earlier than the chinese told the world . …
   it ’ 's absolutely disgusting to see people upset and mad that the president  does not  have coronavirus . people are sick .
   even though coronavirus attacks indiscriminate ly   capitalism ensured we do not all have equal access to healthcare .  't . …
   “  covid   -  19 is a crisis of social solidarity and social investment . ” my extremely smart friends  and  …
   social distancing is crucial to slow the coronavirus . but it ’ 's going to cause a “ social recession ”  a collapse in social c …
making the best out of being at  stay at home   coronavirus   social distancing now   side hustle   the texas vinyl vixen  … 
   not only are we putting families first   but we are delivering and ensuring the people are kept safe from the  coronavirus  c …
  what are you doing during this meeting to better protect the internet as a utility ? the corona viru … 
   asia got the coronavirus on  lock  yet they the ones getting all the racism and hate while europe has it worse and europeans …
   to survive the  coronavirus  crisis   we need a leader with the heart to feel our pain & the wisdom to protect us . trump ha …
   i went to a teach  - in about  covid   -  19   i sporadically watch these
so .  looking for  movies  to watch as we begin this  social distancing  during the  coronavirus outbreak   covid  19  i am … 
    stay home  !  that  's it . really .  covid  19 
   for missourians w / questions about  coronavirus  and precautions to take   visit  for updated info on th …
   stoic wisdom in times of corona   everything that happens is either endurable or not . if it  's endurable   endure it . 's …
    india fights corona    covid  19   myth buster   everyone need not wear a mask .  's was tha bharat  
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   dutch healthcare minister bruno bruins has collapsed in parliament during a debate about coronavirus 
   it ’ 's kind of ironic to see people who text and drive be worried about coronavirus .
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
deadline for funding application  - startups and smes with innovative solutions to tackle coronavirus outbreak  - is … 
   governor cooper and members of his coronavirus task force will provide an important update at  . watch live here    …
   how confident are you that the trump administration is prepared to keep americans safe during the  corona outbreak  ? vot …
better days ahead  be safe   peace    california 
good morning  san diego   coronado   be safe   peace    california 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   on this  national day of prayer    join me in prayer to ask god to   - please keep us safe from covid19  - protect ruth bader gins …
be safe everyone  covid  19  
   there are several measures you can take to protect yourself from  covid  19  . one of the most important ones is regular & safe h …
   best explanation of social distancing in  covid19  and why  flattening the curve  is key . full video here 
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
   all of us introverts are like “ social distancing ! day  !   stay home   covidー  19  
if i am going   to watching any movie about a killer virus it 's  12 monkeys .  coronavirus  
   uninsured americans not only have to worry about getting sick from the coronavirus . they have to worry about whether ge …
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
   do your part to help limit the spread of  covid   -  19 by practicing social distancing . 
   watching that video of vanessa hudgens talking about coronavirus 
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
social interactions these days 🙊  كورونا   covidー  19  
    grandma charlotte   what did you during the coronavirus epidemic ?   i stayed the fuck home   ate junk food   and watched bad 't …
   am spa  's  ceo  alex thier sch has an update on the  covid   -  19 pandemic . watch here    covid  19   am spa 
somebody just died of corona virus in my city   nice know in yeah guys ✌ ️
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   🚨  important message  on  coronavirus  ! 🚨 please follow key suggestions such as  social distancing  and others found at   …
   president cyril ramaphosa outlines the government plan to address the coronavirus outbreak    corona virus 's a  
    do not panic  ! here ’ 's all what you need to know & do as a responsible citizen .  coronavirus india  🦠  covid2019   cor  …
   thanks  team texas hhs  ! everyone   please share  stay home texas  to help slow the  covid  19 thanks  spread and  flatten the curve  .
   set limits on how much time you spend reading or watching news about  covid  19  . you will want to stay up to date on facts but b …
   please stay home . also   read this and let bouncing balls teach you about social distancing . why outbreaks like coronavirus …
   i pray we remember the significant role schools play in communities post  - coronavirus .
    covid  19  how to take precaution (  1 /  3 )   - if you feel sick   stay home .  - avoid touching high  - touch surfaces in public parent  looking at  computer …
   this how the corona virus got me acting up right now  stay home challenge  
me once they tell us to stop coming to work because of the coronavirus  
 what about  new  york  city  social service /  do mh  agency who should work from home during the  coronavirus  since we come … 
 watch   coronavirus hate crime 
flu infected  34  000 times more people this year than coronavirus . god is keeping me safe from both . gratitude is my … 
 it is ugly in the er . be safe and stay away from other people .   -  - quick email from a friend in seattle .  covid  19 
the math behind why you  must stay home starting as soon as  possible  .   covid  19 
baby  's first bridge shot ! even the influencers are  social distancing  today 😷 😷 😷  coron apocalypse   dumbo   brooklyn  … 
   working from home in a time of  coronavirus  
 covid  and tuberculosis in india 
expanding the criteria for  covid  19  🧬 what does it mean ? ☝ ️  epi twitter  noting the recent confirmed case reported … 
telehealth startup nur x rolling out at  - home test for  covid   -  19  via 
social distancing   or maintaining physical distance between yourself and others   can help slow the spread of  covid   - … 
at today ’ 's  bpw  meeting   i ’ 'll provide a brief update on our state ’ 's preparedness response to  covid   -  19 . watch live  
many americans feel helpless to combat the corona virus and protect themselves . social distancing does not work in … 
startup looking to license technology to enhance detection of infectious disease  corona virus   business plan   venture capital   healthcare 
   emotional reactions to the  covid  19  health crisis are expected . feeling sad   anxious   overwhelmed or trouble sleeping is no …
    cnn   california governor orders all  40 million residents to stay at home to prevent spread of coronavirus
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
 janta curfew   covid  19 on   corona in maharashtra   fight covid  19   go corona corona go  stay home and be safe ! 
    corona virus update   visa restrictions issued by bureau of immigration (  boy  ) after meeting of go 'm on  covid  19  today .  swa  …
for reliable data on the  covid  2019  outbreak in germany   see dashboard below with data from the robert koch institu … 
    coronavirus  underscores differing work lives of those with / without college degree . % of workers who say they  'd still ge …
if  washing hands  is the most helpful preventative step against  covid  19  .  then why are people hoarding toilet pa … 
  so no nap oleta no   eb bete thank   you inve ce sei ? .  👥 avanti il prossimo fes so  fake brain   stay at home   corona virus challenge 
   conservationist 's set the record straight on  covid   -  19 ’ 's wildlife links  via 
   beijing seems determined to maintain the silence that has condemned so many of it 's people to the risk of  covid  19  by sile …
   without any  scientific and professional  grounds    china  spreads fake news & blames others for spreading  wuhan coronavirus  …
   somebody well informed   please explain to me why the  who  hasn ’ 't declared covid19 as a global pandemic ? it has already k …
watch out for a new phishing campaign that claims to offer advice for protecting yourself against the coronavirus . 
tennessee bill would allow governments to close meetings over coronavirus 
senator dumped stocks after coronavirus meeting  report 
coronavirus  fake news purveyor to help fight misinformation  -  bbc  news 
media watch  facebook to help nigeria combat  covid   -  19 fake news | africa news 
how do we know if we are overly worried about  coronavirus  ? 
how much should we be worried about the  corona viri us  ? 
sobering viewing .  - stay at home  - wash your hands  - keep your distance  covid  19  
   a message from  ceo    john hey man   on the impact of  covid  19  . watch here    - what snap av has been doing …
    keep calm  and  stay safe   covidー  19   
    1 . thread   coronavirus  and  me cfs  we know that  me cfs  can be triggered by a range of viral pathogens so it is likely …
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
   pwc  coronavirus is moving supply chain into the board room via  &    supply ch  …
    8 tactics to manage the impact of coronavirus on your supply chain   coronavirus   covid  19   supply chain  …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   green day cancels tour dates in asia due to coronavirus 
   me at the grocery store establishing myself as the main character of the coronavirus outbreak 
   human coronavirus to be exact . do you also have a can of lysol sitting are … 
   i attended the butler county community partner planning meeting to discuss  covid   -  19 yesterday . best statement from the me …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
please follow this to avoid coronavirus . be safe   keep your family and everybody safe ! 
    corona virus update   visa restrictions issued by bureau of immigration (  boy  ) after meeting of go 'm on  covid  19  today .  swa  …
work has just told us to work from home for the rest of the month ( because of coronavirus ) and my extrovert self is screaming
from   's just  - published beige book   some supply chain delays were reported as a result of the corona … 
   asia got the coronavirus on  lock  yet they the ones getting all the racism and hate while europe has it worse and europeans …
   so   you ’ ve probably seen mine and other disabled people ’ 's pissed off tweets about the response to the  corona virus  . y …
   🌷 despite the anxious vibes all around the world 🌎 🌏 🌍 happy week twitter world 🌷 ☘️  coronavirus   stay safe   stay at home   homework  …
    now watch this  covid  !  
there is no sitting around bullshit ing do your job   go home . stay safe and denial  of  normal ’ 't spread dies ease keep your space .  covid  19 us 
   “ i demand to speak to the coronavirus ’ manager ! ”
    15 minutes ! new rapid test strips for  coronavirus  have been developed by a company in hefe i   china .  fight virus  
   what is social distancing . important to know and practice in the current situation .  coronavirus pandemic  
    india fights corona  
    we all must work together .  excellent operator  - ed on why social distancing is the best defense against coronavirus .  't . …
    cdc  outlines what closing schools   businesses would look like in a pandemic   coronavirus   covid  19 
“ peace for our time ” the coronavirus is a looming economic problem . 
   keep up with all the latest  covid   -  19 news   including tips on keeping safe and stories of survival   struggle and inspiration   a …
   why does india   not the most sanitary country in the world   have relatively few  corona virus  cases ? and africa too ! the 'm …
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
   we are grateful for all our healthcare professionals in helping our community during this  covid  19  pandemic . stay safe pr …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   coronavirus  they cannot work from home . or follow social distancing . here is why  via 
   undoubtedly the most honest and informative  coronavirus  video that you can possibly watch today .  marr  
   european response to the  coronavirus   protecting people ‘ 's health and ensuring that goods flow in the internal market hyper text transfer  protocol …
   this viral video shows that the coronavirus lockdown is not stopping these people in italy from singing together 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
    india fights covid  19  – death toll in india rises to four . one dead in punjab due to  covid   -  19 .  with more detail …
   this means   it is difficult to enter india for anyone except for the exception provided as fear grow over  coronavirus  . all to …
 italian startup  launches  coronavirus  diagnostic  chatbot   | via  by 
  watch that corona bloat !
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
   it ’ 's imperative that our children maintain schedules and some form of routine . love this  covid  19  suggested schedule  htt …
a few more shots as  officers continue to patrol the beach near  6  5 th ave . n . friday afternoon .  coronavirus  … 
   please watch this video on tips for the effective use of masks for the prevention of coronavirus .  coronavirus nigeria   coro  …
   anti  - vax moms been real quiet since coronavirus went on tour
   a message from our  ceo   after this week  's issue   we are suspending print publication during the  coronavirus  crisis . we …
even children  's are more aware towards coronavirus !  must watch !   corona virus update   coronavirus india   cpa c virus  … 
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
i knew being a introvert would get me somewhere someday .  stay home   social distancing now   coron apocolypse   social distance 
just got off work and it  's  .  i started at  .  the coronavirus made me work overtime .
   some grocery stores create  elderly hours  to protect older shoppers during coronavirus  
 coronavirus  improves .   effectiveness  !  work fro 'm home   end b 's meetings 
denial  of  normal ’ 't forget there ’ 's always snow golf when the lifts are closed .  steamboat   coronavirus   social distancing  … 
covid  -  19 could cause permanent shift towards home working 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
watched this video about the coronavirus and it was scary as hell . this guy is comparing corona to world war  2 . god … 
people as coronavirus relates to their work   i need to work from home   it  's too risky to go in !  people as corona … 
corona virus update with all the news about corona virus   we wanted to share what we are doing at form and ward 'm … 
   live life as normal   while also worried about the  corona outbreak  
 why aren ’ 't you doing more to protect postal workers during  covid   -  19 ? crowded conditions when we need social 'd … 
   very probable we will talk of the world before corona ; the world after corona . survival now a darwinian lottery . quickest   f …
resources for psychologists managing services during  covid  . stay safe   fellow helpers !  covid   covid  19   telehealth  … 
   oh please .  😦 .  sometimes we forget to practice what we preach  coronavirus   covid  19  
is it real ?  covid19   health   sick   flu   virus   stats   world   living   home   prayer   god   nations   deaths   elderly  … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
please  ssc  think about this  covid  2019 india  and postpone the examinations .
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   act as though you already have the coronavirus . do everything you can not to spread it . wash your hands obsessively   stay home …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
    we strive to protect staff from  covid  19  |  demonstrates set up w  viral filter  for resp failure requ …
    ob gyn   “ time spent by residents or fellows in mandated  covid   -  19 quarantine   social distancing   or working from home ( 🚨 or ca …
   your risk of contracting  covid   -  19 is not based on ethnicity   race   and culture . stay home and practice social distancing …
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
   thanks      for helping ensure your communities have coverage for the  covid  19  testing and treatment they need .
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   .  outlines  12 point care package to deal with the coronavirus . this all seems entirely sensible   from glo …
dear people who have / suspected to have covid  -  19 please listen to your doctor ( 's ) . stay home   do not go out    do not  … 
    covid  (  ) chronicles   day  3 brief post today since – if you have time – spend it watching  video of me &  9 top  …
  sure would like to be able to rent and watch your movie while i ’ 'm stuck at home ! 😃  covid  19   social distancing 
coronavirus in the us and how to protect yourself   apple settles regarding scummy battery practices    rog  phone  2 ge … 
   korean air warned that the  coronavirus  outbreak could threaten it 's survival after half of the world restricted pass eng …
   students   you  have the power to protect others from  covid   -  19   but you have to  act now  . help stop the spread . stay home   maintain so …
   in a bid to protect our staff & control spread of  coronavirus    we have embraced  working from home  & holding our meetings rem …
 i thought i only had to worry about getting exposed to  covid   19 now i have to worry about being exposed on my own tough  luck
   with iran getting near epidemic spread of corona vira 's   india must explain to iran as a friend that we have to cancel all fligh …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
here ’ 's irony  thanks to  covid19  work demands   the most effective social distancing i ’ ve done this week is with my … 
   disney is closing walt disney world   it 's theme park resort in orlando   florida   because of the coronavirus outbreak . the company c …
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
   love italian grandmas . best video i ’ ve watched on week .  covid  19  
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
excellent thread on why delaying getting infected by  covid  19  is to  important .  social distancing  
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   despite a positive  covid   -  19 test from a passenger who had dis embarked days earlier   thousands of people were allowed to leave …
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
   india unitedly fights against chinese corona ! gurgaon residents sing gayatri mantra from balconies to spread positivity at a 't …
   this is how social distancing will help to contain the spread of  covid  19  .  india fights corona  
want to not think about the coronavirus while you ’ reply staying in ? watch silly movies ! i watched “ the muppets ” on this … 
jesus is still lord  coronavirus 
 ethiopia  when you make any call   you ’ 'll now get a message about  covid  19  in the form of a ringtone .   ? ? 
prevention of  corona virus facts  here is the general advice from experts .  1 . stay away from people who are sick  2 . i … 
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
   as many residency programs appropriately cancel morning reports due to  covidー  19    it becomes harder to maintain  clinic  …
   the coronavirus will show the american people the wisdom of trump  's policies . the need for strong borders ? the terri …
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
seeing fake news about coronavirus ? deathmatch me !
 honestly   it may end earlier than usual given the precautions people are taking regarding  covid 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   here are the books to catch up on while you practice social distancing . what to read while the coronavirus keeps you in …
 coronavirus   public health  do you have a family plan for the coronavirus ? if not   watch our segment below ! … 
   a relative in china messaged me concerned about the spread of the coronavirus in the us and urged me that if i feel sick to g …
   tips from  on mental health and coping during  covid  19  .  people who may respond more strongly to the stress of a …
such a great simulation of why we need social distancing . why outbreaks like coronavirus spread exponentially   and … 
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
   no person should be put out of their home because they can ’ 't pay rent during the  covid   -  19 outbreak . i am placing a  30  - day …
can ’ 't help but wonder if any  covid  changes will remain . how many will continue to work from home ? will parking issu … 
   when the  cdc  asked china to let them observe the coronavirus and aid in early outbreak management   china rejected the reques …
   of those set to arrive on merseyside following their flight from wuhan today   any with possible  coronavirus  symptoms wil …
list of personal things you can do to stay well in a time of covid19  by rupa mary a   md 
disney looks to weather  temporary storm  brought on by coronavirus 
.  glad to see the updated policy . hope this stays in place after  covid  .  
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   parliament could be suspended for five months as part of government ’ 's coronavirus plan 
   is anyone else worried about the impact that  covid   -  19 is going to have on gang vocals ?
you can   in fact   call me  mona .  and i am stay in  at home to avoid corona . 
   details on the first presumptive positive case of  covid   -  19 in princeton . please be careful and be safe . wash your hands …
   .  is maintaining a list of trusted information sources with key details to help stem the ongoing spread of  covid   -  19 …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   inside john oliver  's emotional   stripped  - down coronavirus episode of  last week tonight    we are going   to need to look out for …
the marijuana speculation around this at work today was beyond a joke . calm the jets people !   coronavirus ireland  
   about to leave my first olaf voicemail for someone who lost a family member to covid  19 . please stay safe . this is heartbreak i …
my colleague   tyler white   recently discussed best practices for minimizing the impact of the  coronavirus  in the w … 
   in response to a possible case of  covid19     uwm  chancellor 'm one released a statement on how the university is working to ensure 's …
   first us evacuee infected with coronavirus was mistakenly released from hospital 
   in response to the  covid   -  19 coronavirus outbreak we are initiating a work from home policy at bungie for the safety of our empl …
   trump advises americans worried about coronavirus to just get doctor who always tells them they in perfect health 
   we can all help stop the  coronavirus  spread and protect the most vulnerable . i am taking the ⁦  ⁩  safe hands challenge  …
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
advice that many politicians should follow .  covid  2019   covid  19 india   coronavirus india  
   there is no evidence that boiled garlic water can cure coronavirus infection . viral messages claiming the same are false a …
   hey you all   i know many queer writers of color have been impacted by  covid   -  19   having to cancel readings and book tours a …
   watch the it jobs report for coronavirus impact  via 
   working in a coronavirus world  strategies and tools for staying productive | zdnet  in order f …
grocery rules for your coronavirus lockdown  buy beans   freeze milk   do not hoard   and more  
   are you a victim of coronavirus dumb fuckery ? watch this excellent video  
   undoubtedly the most honest and informative  coronavirus  video that you can possibly watch today .  marr  
looking for the  research  data pertinent to your  covid  19  questions ? there  's a downloadable  database … 
   watch  and i interview  and  on how  covid   -  19 is impacting work flows and education at acad …
    important focus   as we actively respond to our  covid  19  crisis   we must also start planning for a significant rise in  beha  …
a little social isolation humor .   covid  19   stay home  
at  we take coronavirus seriously . so because social distancing is extremely important many of us are being a … 
coming up on  news at  5 what  is doing to keep riders as safe as possible during the  coronavirus  … 
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   about  corona virus  and precautions  corona virus update   corona outbreak  
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
   children have been at low risk for the coronavirus . kids with asthma should take the same precautions as they would in wa …
   covid  -  19 please stop your world tour
this is how nico feels about mom having to go to work !  coronavirus   not working from home  
   these are the only vibes i want to see in regards to the coronavirus   but also stay home and wash your hands . 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   university of michigan startup arbor biosciences is providing coronavirus sequencing kits that will allow researchers to capture …
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
   a word of caution from mega star chiranjeevi garu . stay safe .  covid  19   covid  19 india  
 shouldn ’ 't they be practicing social distancing ? if either of them contact  covid   -  19 we can trace it back to this visit 😷
   working from home during  covid   -  19 pandemic  - as increasing numbers of people find themselves transition to working from home   …
   “ i demand to speak to the coronavirus ’ manager ! ”
practicing  social distancing  on   this morning   wake up  w us ! we ’ reply live w the latest on  coronavirus  … 
practicing  social distancing now     coronavirus   no need to panic  
   coronavirus leading to extreme sanitation measures on the subway . 
   as louisiana ns   we must practice social distancing to slow the spread of  covid   -  19   flatten the curve and help keep everyo …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   workers asked to stay home because of coronavirus need emergency protections and full sick pay guaranteed . we bailed out th …
   music ‘ more dangerous than coronavirus ’   says egypt parliament spokesman 😅 🥱 
so much for working over corona break 
   to   represent .    do you believe the coronavirus is a hoax ?  pompeo   we are working to keep people safe from coronavirus .   l …
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   germaine right now .   coronavirus   coronavirus pandemic   stay safe stay home   stay the f home  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
if you build it and they will come   then if you close it   they will stay home .  covid  19   let 's lock it down 
   are you in a band ? did your tour / shows get canceled because of  covid  ? ( or are you bummed you can not see your favorite b …
   good lord .  covid  19  
    is willing to risk spreading  covidー  19  /  coronavirus  for profits . you cannot tell us we will be safe and healthy …
quick video worth a watch !  hand washing   covid  19  
compelling case for why social distancing must start now !  social distancing now   covid  19  ⁦  ⁩ ⁦ … 
stay safe everybody 🙏 🏻 🦠 🌏  coronavirus   covid  19 
   brazil ’ 's president jair bolsonaro has tested negative for coronavirus   his son eduardo told fox news   contradicting earli …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   school districts across long island are working to keep children safe amid the  coronavirus  outbreak by sanitizing their scho …
     if a server gets coronavirus  everyone  is screwed . bosses make you work sick . we touch your unwrapped …
   by now it  's safe to assume that somewhere between  50  000 and  500  000 americans have  coronavirus    almost all in the north wes …
   lysol knew about human coronavirus be for we did  coronavirus new york  
coronavirus outbound marketing is the lowest form of outbound marketing
   i ’ 'm perfectly fine retweeting this . are you ?  stay the f home   stay the fuck home  a movement to stop the  covid   -  19 pandemic | …
   stay at home less travel because some assholes like him on the street and trains near you  maral ago virus   corona virus up da  …
  it may be a mt airy phenomenon but the coronavirus has not stripped this are a of it 's … 
people dealing with social distancing .  coron apocolypse   stay the f home  
the power of social distancing . stay home .  stay at home   coron apocalypse  
   unsere bitte an euch 🙏 🏼  stay at home   flatten the curve   covid  2019   covid  2019 de  
here is my hearty stay  - at  - home  corona outbreak  soup   with generous amounts of anti  - inflammatory turmeric and garlic … 
 covid  19 south africa  this is the last one   white people are working from home   black people are working   dealing w … 
 corona virus    notwithstanding   this is a  best practice  .  efficient & more convenient . 
    covid  quarantine have you feeling sluggish ? get your blood flowing right from your home work station with the  pitt  3  by  …
   always maintain a sense of humour .  coron apocalypse   coronavirus   panic buying  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
ladies   get yourself a man that comes home with the real essentials during a crisis .  coronavirus  
   there is a social pandemic going on   too . the corona tough guy . have you met him ? ignore him . do what makes you feel safe …
   .  doing their part in urging shoppers to practice good  social distancing  when checking out .  covid  19  /  coron  …
  national security   eu  watch  merkel  most people in germany likely to contract coronavirus | don 't  worry news … 
   with schools in  hong kong  shut till easter   parents are juggling work   home schooling and the  coronavirus outbreak  .  homes  …
   companies around the world are telling their employees to work from home amid the  coronavirus  outbreak . is your company pr …
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
    troubled waters   president trump ‘ should shut his mouth and be quiet ’ over coronavirus outbreak 
coronavirus evacuees expected in san antonio on today to be quarantined . why you all bringing them here ? geesh .
    stay home  is trending because of the growing  coronavirus pandemic  meanwhile in vegas  
   given the fast spread of  covid   -  19 and out of great concern for our employees and the community at  - large   seattle good wil …
listening to  thoughts on looking at homes and selling a home during the coronavirus issue  at 
   here ’ 's what you can do to practice responsible social distancing when you have to be out and about during the coronavirus o …
   woman recovered from  covid   -  19 has a simple message  do not panic   but think about high  - risk individuals &  stay home  if you fee …
   congress and the white house cancel public tours amid coronavirus spread in nation  's capital 
   corona 😂 😂 😂 watch up to the end 
just got out of  covid   -  19 update meeting this is the best website and most updated for tracking . i am now going home … 
   c.d.c. data shows that nearly  40 percent of coronavirus patients sick enough to be hospitalized were  20  -  54 
   california gov . gavin newsom has directed seniors and people with marijuana diseases to stay home during the coronavirus cris …
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
    stay the f home  urges people to stop the spread of the coronavirus 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
true fact  ( my mind working as usual ) i wonder if scrooge mcduck would be swimming in his hoard of toilet   paper if corona virus … 
   the poll claiming that  of americans will not drink corona because  of the virus is almost certainly fake news . here  's …
    live   press conference on the emergency committee meeting on new  coronavirus  (  2019  - n cov ) 
    500 + museums you can visit from home social distancing and quarantine in the age of coronavirus mean significant life ch …
   without secure supply chains   the risk to  health workers  fighting  covid  19  around the world is real . industry & governments 'm …
   taking chloro quine fights off  covid  19  in six days and it also works as a preventative ( important for medical staff an …
    reject the panic  ! more americans have died this year from  dog mauling 's  &  bathtub drowning 's  than from coronavirus . what …
  keeping rich americans safe .  there fixed it for you  corona virus vaccine 
   what a shot .  n co v  2019   coronavirus  
if anyone is looking to take a break from all things  covidー  19  check out  the nobody zone  by  would highly … 
this is probably the best post on the math on  covid  19  spread / of why we need to mandate work  - from  - home  working  from  home  . it a … 
    coronavirus outbreak   dinosaur   disney 's animal kingdom   this twitter   dr seeker  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   coronavirus spreading with and without social distancing .  flatten the curve   quarantine life   covid  19 de   covid  19 deutschland   c  …
   one week into  covid  19   coronavirus ireland   - thinking of everyone  stay safe stay home   - dog & cat great help with  4 restless team effort …
   ironically   a really important element of  covid  19  frontline are workers in the retail sector who are often operating in l …
   as the country reels both economically and emotionally from the spread of  covid   -  19    ncba  has been working to ensure that cat tl …
   statement from  ncba ceo  colin woodall on the impact of coronavirus on the u.s. beef supply chain  read more   
 the speech will perhaps come out later . no panic  corona virus nigeria   stay safe out there 😁
    new   i feel so strongly about this that i decided to write a story about it  this coronavirus is unlike anything in ou …
i watched  baaghi  3  of baaghi franchise for the first time in theatre and get affected by  covidー  19   baaghi  3 review   n co v  2019 
   stay safe   stay aware   corona virus   alert  i hope you believe in  facts  not in  myths  . facts … 
  stay safe   stay aware   corona virus   alert  i hope you believe in  facts  not in  myths  . facts 👩 ‍ 🏭 > my 't … 
   seeing many distressing videos of china barricading people with coronavirus inside their homes and sealing it by welding door …
    live   la mayor eric garcetti gives update on  covid   -  19 response efforts .  watch    
   how can we help ?  covid  19  and working from home .  mvp summit  
how bad will the coronavirus outbreak get ? here are  6 key factors  - the new york times 
the  coronavirus  got me feeling like .  i ’ 'm healthy and not sick   but no sports is definitely a mood dropper . 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   you want to know how serious the threat of  coronavirus  in  india  is now ? there have been  63 new cases in just one day ! …
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   for  what its  worth i too expect my own personal productivity to decline due to the unknown impact of coronavirus
   why are ⁦  ⁩ & others like myself concerned about the  corona rock   out virus  outbreak in china & the supply chain ? this is a …
watch live  covid  19  briefing from the  spo an e county  coordination center working together to keep you informed . … 
   everyone can help prevent the spread of  covid  19  . practice healthy habits like avoiding close contact with people who are sick . …
social distancing with cats ?  covidー  19   coronavirus   social distancing   
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   if you are worried about schools &  coronavirus  please send in  — tissues — antibacterial wipes — hand soap — hand sanitizer …
it ’ 's only been  1 day but i love working from home ! thanks  coronavirus   comedy 
does anyone have any advice for someone who ’ 's never worked from home before ?  work from home   coronavirus   comedy 
   if we assume symptoms if and only if flu or coronavirus   then p ( coronavirus | flu & shut  your  mouth … 
together we can win over the fight against covid  19 .  be safe and create a safe space for others .  
 huge losses for the aviation industry world over . corona is indeed a pandemic * * * . lord help us ! 
   to keep americans safe from coronavirus  ✔️ congress has been reinforcing infectious disease readiness for years . ✔️ preside …
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
how india is responding to  covid   -  19  quarantine   travel limits and tests . keep fighting india . we are doing good . … 
know about india  's efforts to combat spread of  coronavirus   via namo application 
   know when to practise home quarantine ! share this information and help us to help you . together we can fight  covid  19  ! …
social behaviors can help stop the spread of  covid   -  19 coronavirus  via 
    simple steps to stop the spread of   covid  19   👤 social distancing 🧼 wash your hands 🏠 stay home 🤧 cover coughs and sneezes 🧽 cl …
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
   how extensive testing ( >  160  000 people ) and social distancing can achieve mitigation and flatten the  covid  19  curve  …
   will stop spread of coronavirus  ✅ washing your hands ✅ staying home if you ’ reply sick won ’ 't stop spread of coronavirus  …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
   as temperatures rise   viral pandemics like  coronavirus  will become more likely . when outbreaks happen   it ’ 's critical the …
if i ’ 'm going to get the coronavirus .  it will be here . arcade . where the lysol ? !   's bar and arcade 
   has  covid   -  19 threatened your financial survival ? laid off / lost hours   no customers   cancelled fundraiser   etc ? tell us …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   some indigenous communities are more vulnerable to covid19 ( inadequate health care   safe drinking water & people w / com prom i …
   fundraising via  covid   -  19 don 't c are resource toolkit  - ward  1 relief & education    - peace house don 't c are   pr …
   more great news from the scholarly publishing community on access to  covid  19 related  publications and data . thank you  …
   the national library of medicine at  nih  is proud to be working with  and others to make  coronavirus related  data ava …
   some grocery stores create  elderly hours  to protect older shoppers during coronavirus  
   if you find yourself having to stay home for two weeks due to the coronavirus   here  's what you need to know  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
 not the first unsavory joke you ’ ve made about coronavirus today . 
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
   there are  59 confirmed cases of coronavirus in the us and  10 in canada health officials say local risk remains low   but more …
   trump viciously attacks  nbc  news reporter in extended rant after being asked for message to americans worried about corona vi …
    2 . the paper   from china   has a lot of good data on kids &  covid  19  . more than  of children   for instance   have asym …
    cnn   california governor orders all  40 million residents to stay at home to prevent spread of coronavirus
   you are part of the fight against  covid  19  ! everyone can help slow the spread with these steps  • stay home as much a …
   ✅ wash hands ✅ practice social distancing ✅ stay home if sick  covid  19   public health  
   watch live  gov . gretchen whitmer  's update on michigan  's response to the  covid   -  19 crisis . 
some grocery stores create  elderly hours  to protect older shoppers during coronavirus 
   🌈 💦 spectacular waterfall and rainbow 🌈 💦 🌈  wednesday wisdom   travel   nature   coronavirus  via  please follow …
   spread the word ! social distancing is a key factor in controlling the  covid  19  outbreak . learn how staying apart now ca …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   breaking non  -  covid   -  19 news   day of  defeat  has published it 's final rule to add pt as and otas as  tricare  authorized providers to enga …
thank you  for the opportunity to represent frontline nurses as we prepare for  covid   -  19 . gracias … 
lord of mercy !  what is corona  ?  😂 😂 
may the  coronavirus  moved to india . 🙏 hindu only 🙏
   thanks to early   decisive action   risk to the american public of contracting coronavirus remains low . 
how coronavirus ( covid  -  19 ) spread day by day  via   covidー  19   houston   stay home 
 covid  19   stay home  
   🔴  share for those isolated with abuse  ! 🔴  sustaining community  during  covid   -  19 practicing isolation is the best option for …
 coronavirus   stay home challenge   covid  2019  
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
 in much of the rest of the world   if you got sick with  covid   -  19 then you  'd go to a national hospital  i see  you  … 
heard some of my colleagues saying  covid19  is okay if you reply below  50 . the study today i shared earlier in the day a … 
 lebanon  entered community spread stage  covidー  19  expect a dramatic increase in cases .  sars co v  2 
   ‼️  please share now    uninsured testing  oklahomans  -  - if you are  uninsured  but you need a coronavirus test   please call  211 …
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
   home quarantine related to  covid  19  is not safe for women who face  domestic violence  !  recalls the importance …
is it just me or does it feel like we as a people are now the video gone viral ?  🤔  covid  19   trump 
   washing hands   keeping safe distances and staying at home are good preventive measures for  covid  19  . people with limite …
   thoughts on  covid  19     socialism  & capitalism   cuba  developed a cure & gifted it to the world   preventing  1  0  0  0 's of de …
   this year ’ 's  covid  19   coronavirus  will not be the last . as a first step toward confronting the outbreaks to come   we must i 'm pro …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
   wondering what  covid   -  19 means for social work in canada ?  social workers  are supporting communities that are affected or fatal  error …
   shut it down  it ’ 's time for canada to get serious  coronavirus  and embrace  social distancing  and  flattening the curve  by …
    updated information on    and the   covid  19   social workers  are supporting communities that are affected or fearful of the cov …
   coronavirus will hurt the vulnerable . social policies that restrict access to affordable medical care   safe housing   & goo …
a letter about  covid  19  . please stay safe   everyone . 
   trump got pissed off at the coronavirus and fired it . so denial  of  normal ’ 't worry . it ’ 's gone . it has learned what happens when you make …
   best video on the internet since  covid  19  entered earth . stay at home to help our health workers stay healthy and alive to p …
   as coronavirus spreads   hoarding won ’ 't save you but it will endanger others | editorial 
    breaking    hhs  whistleblower says us workers received coronavirus evacuees without proper precautions . workers lacked proper tra …
   trump got pissed off at the coronavirus and fired it . so denial  of  normal ’ 't worry . it ’ 's gone . it has learned what happens when you make …
    the ten covid   -  ments  thou shalt stay home . thou shalt not gather in groups . thou shalt not panic . thou shalt not hoard 't …
instead of shaking hands … try the wah lum way of saying hello !  stay safe   coronavirus   covid19   cdc   who  … 
   going to the  last  sitting of parliament . no point of order today !  corona virus 's a  
   reporting for patriotic duty ; just to keep watch over our people . meeting the incoming corona virus . we will battle it ; if we …
working from home or wanting to limit your possible exposure to  covid  19  ? you can still support our local restauran … 
   q  i ’ 'm worried about getting  covid   -  19 . what can i do to keep myself and my family safe ? a  do the same things you do every fl …
   always maintain a sense of humour .  coron apocalypse   coronavirus   panic buying  
   coronavirus best practice  wash your hands like you have to pee and you ve been eating crawfish
   india  5 th country to isolate  covidー  19  virus &  10 people have been cured . working in v difficult conditions   india ’ 's val …
   as  covid19 in india  continues to sweep the country   stasis is here to help . we continue to support the doctors   nurses   and …
 stay the f home   -  you  will lose a relative  - calling  influencers  to action  covid19   coronavirus   covid2019  … 
we ’ reply not going back to normal  social distancing  is here to stay for much more than a few weeks  coronavirus  … 
   this visual shows how the coronavirus spreads .  shut down new  york  city   stay the f home  
stay strong guys .  corona virus updates  
if you ’ ve or anyone you know has been sick with covid19 please tell us how you or they are doing . let ’ 's us know what ? … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
    joy fights fear   cat ten the curve   flatten the curve   covid  19   stay home save lives  
in this week  's  crowdfunding  radar for    i look at the  covid   -  19 tour cancellations   and featuring camp … 
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
the latest the ganesh bhat daily !   data privacy day  2020   coronavirus 
 ostrich sarkar  refuses to look the truth 🤔  covid  2019 india  
did india ’ 's populated cities prepared well for  covid  19 india  ? i doubt 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   important information we need to get out on the coronavirus . please watch . please share . 
   pm  asked for   -  janta curfew  . why ? social distancing prep to beat  covid  19  do not hoard . why ? social responsibi …
 is awesome  coronavirus outbreak india  
   what do you do with all your  coronavirus stoked  fears ? a wuhan evacuee offers some advice  
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   ⚠️  fraud alert  ⚠️ be on the look out for  covid19  related frauds . recognize . reject .  report .  fraud   scam   fpm  2020   fraud pr  …
    claim   former vice president joe biden ( 'd ) says he will “ listen to the experts ” when dealing with the coronavirus crisis …
   another important issue with  corona outbreak   - we urge people to keep kids out of school if sick and not to go to work if the …
   being away from work   having kids at home   worrying about the coronavirus ; all these things are realities right now   but are …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   significant that  now saying that  has beat coronavirus . he might want to consult with public …
fuck the  coron apocalypse  i ’ 'm watching  groundhog day 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   we ’ reply doing our part to limit the spread of  covid   -  19 and help ensure the health and safety of our customers   communities   and …
 some experts suggest   con vid  19   may not be as bad  data shows the mortality from  corona vid  19  ranges from  to  … 
   as i see the billionth story about  working  from  home  reply  coronavirus   i feel media is failing another important test . more sunlight on those w …
   young people  stay the fuck at home as much as you can .  you are potential carriers of coronavirus  . 🦠
   what is “ social distancing ” and how can people best practice it amid coronavirus 
   this video by  on trump ’ 's  coronavirus  responses is truly unbelievable . sorry mr . president this is not fake n …
   continue to avoid large gatherings   practice common sense hygiene   risk factors   getting tested for coronavirus   travel only …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   use this checklist to help identify communications needs and leverage best practices as we navigate the impact of  covid   -  19    …
discover how  is keeping customers and staff safe during  covid   -  19 . 
is your team ready to  work from home  ?  has  8 tips to ensure your time during  coronavirus  isolation goes … 
   on the exchange today     ceo   the effect of the  coronavirus  on the supply chain and travel .  thi …
   i have to say   the fake news   liberal   coronavirus hoax has turned into  not the time for partisanship  pretty fast
“ and on the umpteenth day of the coronavirus panic   the overlords commanded  thou shalt work from home ” ⁦ … 
viral tech  london blockchain week spreads into day two despite coronavirus scare 
 coronavirus   covid   social distancing   wash your hands   stay home challenge  
    covid  19   home from day  2 covering  i see  you  . still in preparation mode . it is exhausting caring for sick patients and communica …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
my  corona survival keep  in  touch    for a beginner guitarist learning chords and strings with a homemade string chart and playin … 
    covid   -  19 has really spread . you might say it  's gone viral . but then again   it started viral and  -  - i am just going to aba …
    cdc   americans over  60 should stock up on food and medications and stay home as the coronavirus spreads 
   heed this message   incorporate it into your  dna  .  stay home   covid  19  
   know the symptoms of  covid  19  and practice everyday health habits to protect yourself . remember to cover sneezes with …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   in the wake of  coronavirus  related cyber attacks    hospitals  &  payers  must double down on  cybersecurity  best practices …
   oh my god   the doctors and nurses at bernie  's coronavirus town hall are  pissed  . they got asked how the united states can p …
   day 2 of working from home due to  covid  19  . our peacekeepers continue to work in some of the world  's toughest places to professional …
 denial  of  normal ’ 't you do something for your country like watch out for the coronavirus and take care of the people … 
   my sand art of hon ’ ble pm  ji with message “ say yes to  namaste  ; say no to handshake ” . stay safe !  covid  19  h …
see   what the pm wants industry leaders to follow .  fight corona .  work from home (  working  from  home  )   … 
   a wise call . avoiding non  - essential travel and minimising social outings are welcome steps .  india fights corona   …
   prime minister  calls for  saarc  nations to chalk out a strong strategy to fight  coronavirus   coronavirus india  …
   here are some simple steps  advises you to remember and practice daily to keep yourself and others safe from  covid  19  👉 heard  through …
   i do not know about you   but the coronavirus has already got me sick .  i am completely  sick  of the media trying to scare th …
   social distancing is crucial to slow the coronavirus . but it ’ 's going to cause a “ social recession ”  a collapse in social c …
   india does not have  114 cases of  coronavirus  . india has  114 reported cases of coronavirus . huge difference .
   please note the updated advisories on  covid  19  . these are in super session of all earlier advisories .  help us to help you   so  what  …
   stay safe and protect yourself and others from  covid  19  . share this information to create awareness and help us to help year  old …
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
    et now exclusive  | catch  &  on  work from home  and impact of  covid  19  . watch the full interview here 👇 …
   the misinformation being spread on  corona  is alarming ; as viral as the virus . our expert team of doctors  …
   earlier  from  explains the impact the coronavirus could have on small businesses . 
   the city of new orleans is imposing new rules on bars and restaurants amid coronavirus concerns . among the new rules   bars miss   you …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   we have faced a larger ( seasonal ) viral problem than corona each and every year in the us  the flu ! however   as with many them …
   due to the national emergency   my secret messages will be decoded for you ! 😉  coronavirus   stay home save lives   't …
fighting spirit of indians  - unmatched and a treat to watch 😍 👏 👏  india fights corona   janta curfew   corona virus update 
please beware and take precautions 🙏 🙏  coronavirus india  
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
    what  ?   fox  is hosting  age of  consent  for her wisdom about the coronavirus ? are you kidding me ? 
    watch   christ the redeemer statue in brazil lights up in honor of all countries struck by the coronavirus . 
    watch   a message from the us surgeon general to the nation on the coronavirus outbreak .  
   corona 😬  stay at home   stay the f home   corona virus 's a  
   it ’ 's absolutely disgusting to see people upset and mad that the president  does not  have coronavirus . people are sick .
   practicing how i ’ 'm going   to fight off  coronavirus  
   the worst thing about the contagion of the  covid  19  virus is having to stay at home when the  microsoft flight simulator  …
    coronavirus usa  best  - practices  • do not go out or to work if you feel i 'll . • wash your hands longer and more often . • do not …
   coronavirus daily briefing  here ’ 's what you can do to help keep yourself and your community safe 
   ivanka trump works from home as precaution after meeting official who tested positive for coronavirus | fox news 😲 oh ?  🦠 htt …
   watch my special update on the  coronavirus   
   american evacuee with coronavirus was mistakenly released from hospital   officials admit 
   while americans must be vigilant   careful   and calm in response to coronavirus   heeding all guidance and best practices   p …
   practice  social distancing  to stay safe from  coronavirus  🦠 let us together observe  janta curfew  on  !  corona stop kar  …
three very important advisories issued by government of india today  coronavirus india   corona virus updates  
can ’ 't be simpler than this . denial  of  normal ’ 't panic . take all precautions . do see this video  coronavirus outbreak   corona alert  
parents who are worried about home schooling during  covid19    denial  of  normal ’ 't worry   your kids need engagement  - not curric ul … 
china encourages return to work despite  covid  19  outbreak   as bold mass experiment in using data to regulate citize … 
the  covid  19  crisis is a  chance  to do  capitalism  differently   gracias por habe … 
coronavirus poses big test of capitalism ’ 's stakeholder conversion  vía 
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌏
   if we all practice social distancing   we can help flatten the curve of  covid   -  19   together . for more helpful resources rela …
   great simulations of why  social distancing  helps to  flatten the curve   - and why we all have a part to play   covid  19   …
   coronavirus  man is treated for symptoms in belfast  getting closer to “ home home ” 
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   watching that video of vanessa hudgens talking about coronavirus 
   there is a social pandemic going on   too . the corona tough guy . have you met him ? ignore him . do what makes you feel safe …
is it safe to say we are the corona capital of the world ?  covid  19   coronavirus   corona virus update 
kickball . fashion shows . band concerts . how evacuees are passing time in the u.s. coronavirus quarantine . 
live updates  new york workers told to stay home to slow coronavirus ; u.s.  - mexico border closing to most travel 
   because of increasing coronavirus precautions   the iditarod is closing checkpoints early and has withdrawn q from the r …
   they are highly dependent on the public response so i will start there . we have no immunity to  covid   -  19   people who get it do …
    please know that we are here for you   - a message from our ceo   care   covid  2019   you are not alone  
   fairly sure i picked up coronavirus on our us tour . i know symptoms will be minimal for most   but last few days for me have …
most of this  gov con  group was at or near the very right end of the  52  - week range before the coronavirus fears swep … 
leidos  ceo  this morning on how they are monitoring economic picture  “ we look at the coronavirus   we keep an eye on … 
   a relative in china messaged me concerned about the spread of the coronavirus in the us and urged me that if i feel sick to g …
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
   * dua time * may allah protect & keep all our families safe during this difficult time with the coronavirus . may your par …
 stay home  . there are still lots of things that you can do .  covid  19   quarantine life  
   prior to the  covid  19  pandemic   the us was already experiencing a loneliness crisis . with the critical need for social …
gobert really tried to joke about coronavirus and turns out it wasn  't a joke
 breaking   the  has suspended the season until further notice .  covid   coronavirus  
 has updated information on covid19 . please reference and share .   suh suck   dick   suh suck   dick learns   suh suck   dick safe 
   coronavirus spreads to evesham   florence   del anco and burlington township . the county  's new  covid   -  19 cases range from  20 y …
 buy a corona beer costume and add felt pro trus ions on it and go as the corona virus .
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
the tracking on this !  denial  of  normal ’ 't be patient   31   covidー  19   stay home  
how to stay safe running essential errands during  covid   -  19 pandemic 
   what is “ social distancing ” and how can people best practice it amid coronavirus 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   drugmakers in india are bracing for potential disruption from the coronavirus . if they are hit   the impact could be felt around th …
hope all my friends stay safe during this time  covid  19  
   other countries are claiming they have confirmations of local transmissions of covid  -  19 from india . while india is like w …
   if indians really want to worry about something then look up the rapid spread of  covid   -  19 and how it is knocking the the …
   there have been  25  -  35 year olds   who are covid positive   and  very  sick . no one is spared . please be safe and smart .
   trump got pissed off at the coronavirus and fired it . so denial  of  normal ’ 't worry . it ’ 's gone . it has learned what happens when you make …
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
    know the facts    covid  19  spreads primarily from person to person . this can be via droplets released when people sick with the …
   fighting  covid  19  is our joint responsibility . protect yourself and others  make these  5 simple precautions your new habits . …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   denial  of  normal ’ 't worry about the coronavirus . worry about the flu . 
   coronavirus forces las vegas strip to shut down for first time since  just fucking kidding  assassination 
thinking that if there  's ever a good time to get your  cfp  submissions rejected   this may be it .  covid  19 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
mass .  ceo  operator  - ed  we need a shelter  - in  - place order   via   covid19 
   coronavirus fears cancel world ’ 's biggest physics meeting 
   i have had  2 startups in the past day tell me their supply chain is being disrupted by the coronavirus . would not be surprised i …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
home burglars during corona 
   act as though you already have the coronavirus . do everything you can not to spread it . wash your hands obsessively   stay home …
   stuck inside under coronavirus lockdown   italians are forming community by singing together out of their windows 
   stuck inside under coronavirus lockdown   italians are forming community by singing together out of their windows 
   does go to work with “ corona flu ” qualify ? asking for a sick grade school janitor .
   the president and the vice president are lying to us  -  corona riv us   fun fact friday 
coronavirus  five ways to work well from home 
   right now is the perfect time to spend quality time with your kitties . stay home — stay safe out there ♥️  covid  19   owl kitt  …
   ⚠  this is important   if you suspect you may have coronavirus    do not go straight to the doctor or hospital  . call ahead to figur …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   any media outlet who parrots chinese propaganda talking points should be filed under  fake news   forevermore  .  chinese virus  
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   it is  fake news  that   is “ sidelined ” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force . he …
   want to get out of the house and stay safe from coronavirus ? parks may be your best bet . via  +  . …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other ! 🌍  covid  19   coronavirus 
   we need to consume news on  coronavirus  every day .  condo manager  needs to stay ahead of the curve and well informed . need …
   coronavirus (  covid   -  19 ) and condo meetings  - we have an update on the  web log  
   coronavirus (  covid   -  19 ) and condos – update on meetings 
   dr etc he 's has provided the latest update to council on the  covid   -  19 situation . please note the request to practice gre …
   coronavirus (  covid   -  19 ) and condos – meetings   messaging and maintenance 
 ‘ china ’ 's a  liar  ’ while yeah gov still told you the corona virus is a big flu laughing  my ass  off . best joke today thank   you
    coronavirus   social distance   wash your hands   stay at home   don 't hoard toilet   paper   corona outbreak  
   follow these precautions to reduce the risk of  coronavirus  infection . call  104 if you need any assistance .  covid  19  hyper text transfer  protocol …
    social distancing works   corona virus   stay safe  
   reduce the risk of  coronavirus  infection follow these important precautions  covid  2019  
   stay safe  covid  19  
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
.  barry stern light    ceo  of shit   happens hotels   joking about the coronavirus  - what a giant a  - hole .
    1 shot = every time there is  breaking   covid  19  news .  2 shots = your event got altered because of  covid  19  .  3 shots = y …
   as a  f is  programme   world snow day will be following the directives of the federation regarding the coronavirus . stay saf …
better safe than sick . our experience shows that no  - one really knows what  's happening with  covid   19 . … 
    covid   -  19  we have published new stay at home guidance for people with confirmed or possible  coronavirus  infection  
   about  corona virus  and precautions  corona virus update   corona outbreak  
   words of encouragement in this corona virus outbreak .  i will say to the lord   “ my refuge and my fortress   my god   in wh …
   coronavirus working hours   to 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
coronavirus and ceos  the case for calm  coronavirus   covid  19   supply chain   via 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
    covid   -  19   citizens should practice    social distancing    -  lasg   has urged residents to reduce all forms of public and …
   what i am learning from coronavirus  global capitalism does not know how to take three months off .
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
the strategic cheerios reserve  covid  19   coronavirus   pandemic   stay home  
   c.d.c. data shows that nearly  40 percent of coronavirus patients sick enough to be hospitalized were  20  -  54 
   jetblue  ceo  robin hayes says coronavirus impact on airline demand is  probably worse than  after  9 /  11 
vp pence says the risk of contracting the  coronavirus   covid  2019  remains  low  among the american public
   grocery stores are adopting ‘ elderly only ’ hours to help seniors stock up safely during the coronavirus crisis 
 stay  home   keep safe .  corona virus update   covid  19   coronavirus 
    even monkeys denial  of  normal ’ 't hoard .  coronavirus 
  please help a suddenly unemployed tenor   husband   and expecting father .  covid19  cancel le … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   as residents choose to stay home during the  coronavirus  outbreak   our small retailers and restaurants are suffering . …
   the  cdc  is urging americans to take solo forms of transportation to stop the spread of  covid   -  19 . biking should be our f …
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
   corona watching us right now 
   i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
here  's a highly imperfect dashboard i made based on  data w an extra ~ hour i had today . i now have … 
   .  has now classified key meetings on  coronavirus    which means health experts without security clear anc …
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
   at  5 pm on  2  2 and    the day of the janata curfew   i have a special request . will you all help ?  india fights corona  …
    breaking   to try to help stop the spread of the coronavirus   gov . jay inslee is expected wednesday to restrict gatherings …
   only few cases of corona virus 🦠 in india 🇮 🇳 and all masks 🎭 have been sold out . hundreds of people die every day in india due …
   staying home when you are sick should not mean losing a paycheck — especially during a public health emergency . the corona …
 watch   an important coronavirus special report with    and  … 
watch  an important coronavirus special report with    and  
   safety always comes first . do not panic and stay safe .  corona alert  
 genuinely no need for alarm . supply chains are operating as before . stockpiling puts others at risk .
just one example of how digital transformation in healthcare can factor in risks linked to  covid  19  . our talk yeste … 
most watch video  covid19  
    coronavirus  timeline  -  confirmed cases  sick  sick  sick    17 dead  sick   …
    coronavirus  timeline  -  confirmed cases  sick  sick  sick    17 dead  sick   …
   worksheet for kids to graph coronavirus data using x  - y coordinate plane . i can not help myself  
   so   you ’ ve probably seen mine and other disabled people ’ 's pissed off tweets about the response to the  corona virus  . y …
   companies are asking employees to work remotely amid the coronavirus outbreak . here are some tips on how to stay well  - balanced whi …
the blood supply is down to  5 days . you can help and donating is  safe  of  coronavirus  concerns . help if you can … 
better not joke around . quarantine for coronavirus symptom . 
   michigan is home to two of our nation ’ 's busiest border crossings   and we must ensure that efforts to fight the corona virus …
   coronavirus safety  kristen bell urges parents to watch viral video using  pepper trick  to teach kids to wash hands  …
   in coronavirus quarantine ? you can virtually tour these museums from home ( via  ) 
   when experts talk about the mathematical modelling of social distancing for the coronavirus   this is a visualisation of what 't …
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   we all need to do our part to stop the spread of  covid  19  . stay informed . stay safe . stay home . 
we need everyone to do their part to slow the spread of  coronavirus  . please stay home and stay safe !  covid  19  
   practicing everyday prevention measures can help slow spread of  covid  19   • wash hands with soap + water for at least …
   to help slow the spread of  covid   -  19  🏠 stay home as much as you can 🏙 ️ avoid public spaces  6 ️ ⃣ keep at least  6 feet be …
when we can go near each other again   what will that be called ? social friendliness ?  coronavirus 
   world fish and  staff are working from home to help stop the spread of  covid  19  in critical countries . fro …
   best video on the internet since  covid  19  entered earth . stay at home to help our health workers stay healthy and alive to p …
   we have had h1n1   h1n5    sars    and now covid19 . what do they all have in common  - asia . asia ’ 's people suffer   then the worl …
    stay safe  how social distance can help in the  fight covid  19   stop the spread   corona virus update  
   god bless all doctors / nurses out there trying to safe patient with coronavirus .  fight covid  19   corona virus nigeria  heard  through …
 covid  19  impact on  travel   says it 's  safe  to  fly  time to travel  hi malays  are safe    fly nepal  any … 
   new rules for ny state .  workforce must stay home except essential services  corona virus update  
as we take every precaution to respond to  covid   -  19 please check on your neighbors   especially those who are most vu … 
   we ask that kentuckians please follow the latest  covid  19  guidelines to keep themselves and community members safe . for …
chilling with my corona boo    things are getting spooky out here . practice social distancing please 
   as  covid   -  19 spreads worldwide   more precautions are being taken by governments to keep people safe as they travel   …
   as data scientists   we ( with  ) have done our best to look at the data around covid  -  19   and what it means to …
   social distancing is the paramount strategy for minimizing  covid  19  spread in our communities . therefore   i have directe …
 of us companies supply chains are impacted by  coronavirus  . china factories operating at  capacity . 
   if you have symptoms of coronavirus   it ’ 's important that you stay at home for seven days to help protect your friends and …
coronavirus is spreading in india because the “ educated ” illiterates feel it can not happen to them .  flatten the c u ve  
 india fights corona    a very statesman like address by pm  . ensuring all citizens are aware of the epi … 
    breaking   ad industry suspends all focus groups due to coronavirus   marketers forced to somehow form own opinions on campaign i …
   the importance of  staying home  during  covid  2019  cannot be overstated .  has recommended no gatherings of more than …
humanity going towards the right direction ✔️ ✔️  coronavirus india   coronavirus  
   as a precaution to help limit the spread of coronavirus (  covid   -  19 ) and ensure the health and safety of our patrons and staff   all …
   our healthcare workers continue to work for the nation . please help us to stay at home and break the chain of  covid   -  19 trans 'm …
   helping people to keep socially active on socially distancing days .  coronavirus   corona outbreak 
   here ⁦  ⁩ .  take a look at this video as to how india ’ 's preparedness to fight  corona outbreak  is being appreci …
  camel piss a long with cow milk protects from corona virus .  arabic psychotherapy
   up to  150 million in us expected to contract coronavirus   congressional doctor says 
   what the hell is going on ?  where did this happen ? is this how india going   to defeat  covid  19  ?   covid  19 india   corona virus up 'd  …
    covid  19 india   coronavirus  china vs indian . watch till 'd end . 
   the case for  open data  for  artificial  intelligence  in the fight against  covid  19    — — — —  already  been  done sc   big data   data science   'm  …
   the coronavirus has infected thousands in china and spread to countries across asia and the world . see our visualization of the …
kindly watch this show about  covid   -  19 
   people in home quarantine in  maharashtra  to be stamped on left hand . (  )  it video   covid  2019   covid   corona viru  …
   stay safe from  covid  19  as well as from the  cons  !  retweet  to spread the information .  india fights corona   it card  
   thanks to early   decisive action   risk to the american public of contracting coronavirus remains low . 
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   vice president of  iran  for women and family affairs ma sou meh eb te kar (  ) tests positive on  corona virus  . she is th …
   need online best practices   pre k  -  12 curriculum & social  - emotional resources to support  gifted minds  during  covid   -  19 ? thanks …
coronavirus perks  disney isn ’ 't crowded because everyone ’ 's afraid 
   to protect yourself and others stay away from gatherings .  covid  19  
   i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
   as bristol shoppers stock up on essentials and health experts share best practices for coronavirus preparedness   some retailer …
   cristiano ronaldo  's message to everyone concerning the corona  - virus . stay safe everyone . 🙏 🏻 
   india temporarily suspends almost all visas to stop coronavirus spread 
   i will do my part in the fight against  covid  19  . i urge you to do the same !   stay the fuck home 
 coronavirus   covid  2019  suggestions  1 )  stay at home  ( especially if you are in italy )  ios to a casa  🏡 !  2 ) help italian … 
    photo report   disney springs  ( crowds and preparations before closure for  covid   -  19 )  
coronavirus  live   business updates as airlines set to plead to government for survival cash 
   if the coronavirus was a person  coron apocolypse   stay the f home  
soundtrack zum social distancing während  coronavirus   covid  19  naturgemäss von  
   nothing will put us down . we follow the rules   out way .  🇮 🇹 🇮 🇹  coronavirus 
   let me get this straight  democrats and the mainstream media are trying to incite panic over the coronavirus .  yet th …
an excellent list of productivity apps for those working from home  stay home challenge   covid  2019   working from home  
 stay home challenge   coronavirus   covid  19   be smart netizen  
   lab meetings in the time of coronavirus . 
   .    we need your help to prevent  covid  19  from spreading . gathering socially in dense groups is not safe . please av …
   due to the coronavirus public health emergency    fcs  including  lgc  programs will be closed through  . the buildings wil …
   arkansas now has  62 coronavirus cases . governor hutchinson says there is significant community spread .
   at  watch  are pbs   -  1 as  &  second . dr . nathaniel smith share an update about  arkansas  ’ 's  covid  1  …
   a fantastic question for the  them debate  candidates   how would you ensure immigrants feel safe enough to get  corona viru  …
   we agree with sanders   people shouldn ’ 't have to worry about coronavirus treatment costs and we should protect the wages of …
   thing to do as we all stay home and prevent further spread of  covidー  19    1 . fill out the  census  2020  people ! it ’ 's impor …
my sympathies to anyone affected by  covid   -  19 . stay strong and safe  - do not panic but be prepared . if there  's anythi … 
be careful and stay safe   everyone !  covid  19  
 covid  19  does not mean we are stuck inside .  cultivate happiness and well being  -  get outside   social distancing  … 
    it  's important for people to step in   teen donates more than  150 coronavirus sanitation kits to the homeless 
jokes on you  covidー  19    i ’ ve been practicing the art of social distancing for my entire life .
is death penalty the right punishment for nirbhaya convicts ?  india fights corona   nirbhaya case   nirbhaya   nirbhaya verdict 
    ongoing  twitter live chat with  on  using data to manage the coronavirus  follow the conversation  data for cor  …
     data is telling us that covid  -  19 is being empowered by our social lifestyle   quality of healthy l …
   what does the data on deaths and cases tell us about the mortality risk of  covid   -  19 ?    data for cor  …
   everyone is worried about the coronavirus in china when we have a full  - fledged trump derangement syndrome outbreak here i …
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
   india unitedly fights against chinese corona ! gurgaon residents sing gayatri mantra from balconies to spread positivity at a 't …
   how to stay connected and maintain relationships during social isolation .  covid  19   coronavirus   comm research   social in  search  of  …
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   we are taking  covid   -  19 seriously and implementing best practices here at hq . wash your hands and stay safe ! 
   please watch the following video on  covid   -  19  coronavirus usa  
   vice president mike pence reiterated that “ the risk to the american people of the coronavirus remains low ” while providing …
   the us government is urging people who are sick to stay at home to help prevent the spread of coronavirus . but for workers who do …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
   be safe & informed . scammers are on the prowl with fake  covid  19  cures   fraudulent charities   deceptive offers   robocall …
   how many other republicans feverishly dumped stock while mouthing dear leader ’ 's propaganda about coronavirus being a “ hoa …
   🦠 we must protect ourselves and others during the  covid  19  outbreak . here you have some practical information for studen …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   on a call with reporters    says  cdc  expects to see community spread of coronavirus in the u.s. it  's  more a q …
   act as though you already have the coronavirus . do everything you can not to spread it . wash your hands obsessively   stay home …
   watching that video of vanessa hudgens talking about coronavirus 
   nurses are on the front lines of the  coronavirus  outbreak   but they warn they will not have enough supplies .  ceo  of  …
   hi . please do not spray aerosols or use scented lysol wipes on planes . i know everyone is afraid of  covid   -  19   but as an asthmatic …
   when outbreaks like coronavirus occur   our pharmaceutical supply chain must be able to handle disruption . that ’ 's why i …
the  made the right move today in not only keeping players safe but it shows patriotism or profit .  coronavirus 
 not a nurse   but the corona virus  has  been around for years . look at the back of a lysol can or simi … 
    wash your hands  — and sing your favorite song while you do . this  wash your lyrics  website goes viral amid corona virus . make y …
   stuck inside under coronavirus lockdown   italians are forming community by singing together out of their windows 
   this week  's column  instead of worrying about catching coronavirus   worry you ’ reply spreading it  corona ireland  
 did your servers get the  coronavirus  ?  it   disaster recovery plan   cloud security 
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
   stay safe  corona virus challenge  
   the spread of the  covid   -  19 virus forms an excellent opportunity for gen  - z to learn where the internet term  viral  comes fro …
there are so many free   at  - home workouts to keep you active while staying home during the  coronavirus outbreak  . thi … 
i am supposed to be watching basketball all day today . not okay !   covid  19 
the best thing to happen to my social calendar as a result of covid is the daily doobie squad conference call . 🍃
   went to three local grocery stores here in los angeles and water is completely sold out .  coronavirus 
   a holland america line cruise ship has run out of options after being rejected by four different nations on coronavirus conce …
   the first us evacuee from china known to be infected with the wuhan coronavirus was mistakenly released from a san diego hospital …
   i wrote a short   practical guide on why you should prepare for  covid   -  19 and how . forget the doomsday talk and the  prepper  sub …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
my  1 stop  that significant life event memory as a child is the challenger explosion . for my  5 year  old   it will be  covid   -  19 . amaz … 
   the coronavirus outbreak has me thinking back to when i was a server and worked a week straight while i was really sick an …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
    new   i just did a podcast with  on what we can expect this week with  covidー  19  in america
   important information we need to get out on the coronavirus . please watch . please share . 
   the single most important piece of advice health experts can give to help us stay safe from  covid   -  19 is this one  wash your hand …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   how is india dealing with  coronavirus  outbreak ? watch experts share their views on  ttp  with  full show  heard  through …
   what does it mean to  flatten the curve  ? we looked at daily coronavirus data from around the world to show why social distan …
our incredible team is still working with  sma  patients through  covid  19  ; we have been working from home since frid … 
   😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 😱 somebody is telling us an important message 😲 😷  coronavirus   coronavirus outbreak   coronavirus japan   corona viru  …
    corona virus updates  reminders ✅  flu vaccine  ✅ sick stay 🏡 ✅ hand hygiene ✅ social distance ✅ 🚫 shaking 🤝 ✅ fist bump instead …
   there is a social pandemic going on   too . the corona tough guy . have you met him ? ignore him . do what makes you feel safe …
   “ out of an abundance of caution due to covid  -  19 we are closed until further notice . ” local restaurant .
   as the coronavirus spreads   american workers need to know that they will not miss a paycheck by staying home if they feel sick …
   the greens will delay scott morrison ’ 's coronavirus stimulus package in parliament next week .  as more than  80 mps & sen …
   we all have a role play to help stop the spread of  covid  19  .  flatten the curve  = help stop the spread . practice protective …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  💙 
   senators loeffler and burr caught dumping their stocks after private meeting on coronavirus impact 
   learn to wash your hands with  to protect yourself and your community from  coronavirus  .  safe hands  
   creativity at it best let keep clean and safe from corona virus  gik omb a corona  
   americans are worried about whether they can get tested for coronavirus . americans are worried about whether they will have e …
   a salute to the  covid  19  heroes .  retail workers ! especially those working directly in the war zone .  also  known as grocery store …
   long standing bad statistical practices in  epidemiology  comes home in situations like  covid  19  e . g . considering a  45 year o …
   the 🌎 news about  covid  19  is going  viral  here ’ 's an infographic to help  spread  the word about 🔑 points u should know 🧠 abo …
   the coronavirus outbreak has me thinking back to when i was a server and worked a week straight while i was really sick an …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   an important  coronavirus  reminder  ethnicity is not a risk factor for exposure . i stand with  & asian pacifi …
   it is  fake news  that   is “ sidelined ” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force . he …
    bc is 'd  will be closed  out of an abundance of caution in response to  covid  19   - see our website for more info . we wil …
   thank you so much ministry of health in saudi arabia for this video a howing husband  is  watching the  covid  19  are spread 🙏 🏽 
 111 countries r now affected .   covid  2019  is not a joke . we should stop panicking n start following the rules . stop  that … 
india n bangladesh are so close to get it .  god save us .   coronavirus outbreak  
   while telangana govt is doing it 's best to contain  corona virus  request fellow citizens to ; ✔️ social distancing is key ✔️ mainta …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   safety always comes first . do not panic and stay safe .  corona alert  
   the arsenal hierarchy are said to be particularly worried about bernd leno over the coronavirus outbreak as he catches pret …
coronavirus cases surge in south korea | don 't  worry news  stay safe daegu 
 coronavirus cases in india now at  39  
    corona alert  | worried about  coronavirus outbreak  ? 🤔 here  's a look at how  covid  19  is spread   and how you can avoid th …
   's & p performance through prior   viral outbreaks   via suntrust   coronavirus  
   at  meeting w /  discussing best practices for school district response to  coronavirus  and heath  - rel …
   the revelation sweeping the world .   covid  19   coronavirus   home working  via  
   take precautions against spreading coronavirus . if not for yourself   do it to protect willie nelson .
 it would be an honor to get coronavirus from a comedian . best joke ever given .
   the corona isn ’ 't scaring me   it ’ 's the fact that the grocery stores look like the fucking apocalypse happened and i ’ 'm won …
   watch  a message from  on  coronavirus  👇 if anyone in your household has coronavirus symptoms   you must all sta …
    covid   -  19  we have published new stay at home guidance for people with confirmed or possible  coronavirus  infection  
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
millions of u.s. workers have no paid sick days at all . as covid  -  19 precautions intensify   even the ones who do won … 
australia  - wildfire china  - corona virus india  -  bjp  what  's happening in this world ? 🤦  india   australia   corona r virus 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   .  ’ 's free grocery store is delivering food to elderly amid coronavirus .  
   if you had  covid  19  and will not have a test to see if you are still contagious   only leave your sick room and home when  all  of …
meanwhile at the pod ola k 's .  covid  19   stay home   cornhole  
   people falling and dying in china like we in some apocalyptic movie . lord help us 😥 😷 😢  corona outbreak   coronavirus outbreak  heard  through …
leave the reusable bags at home  denial  of  service and do nots for hitting the grocery store during  covid   -  19  via 
   boston is home to thousands of labs filled with highly capable people to run corona tests . if organized well they can test ev …
   about to leave my first olaf voicemail for someone who lost a family member to covid  19 . please stay safe . this is heartbreak i …
   hi . i am keeping track of fakes about the  coronavirus  . they will undoubtedly keep spreading online as the situation develops . …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
 covid  19   what if somebody insist work at shared office even he is sick   considering coronavirus   'd … 
 covid  19   what if somebody insist work at shared office even he is sick   considering coronavirus   'd … 
   as a precaution against covid19 you are now allowed to air  - åmen your elders
   bam !  fake news smack down in front of his gender & ethnic diverse covid19 team ! 
   more than  of those with  covid  19  are infected by somebody who has the virus but does not yet have symptoms . that ’ 's ac …
   good news america . your  mike pence is doing everything he can to keep you safe from  covid  19  ! oh . wait . no  - he ’ 's head …
   you realize we are watching everyone of these  ceo  ’ 's contract coronavirus from the  potus  on live television right ? 
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
stop the spread of the  coronavirus  with  quarantine  and  social distancing  
good simulation on the spread of the  coronavirus  and outcome of  quarantine  and  social distancing  
amazon tells new york and new jersey employees to stay home  via   coronavirus   new  york  city   covid  2019 
california tells  7 k people to stay home because of coronavirus 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
 coronavirus   stay safe stay home   coronavirus outbreak   florida coronavirus     
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
   with the chinese supply chain broken and / or in disarray   and most factories closed due to the coronavirus .  the few man u …
   we have updated our practice advisory on novel  coronavirus  (  covid  19  )   including a new algorithm for assessing and managing preg …
 “ tough time reveals our character ” .  show your character folks  stay safe stay home   social distan acing   covid  19 
   ger ge pretend he has coronavirus to get out of relationship
    breaking    hhs  whistleblower says us workers received coronavirus evacuees without proper precautions . workers lacked proper tra …
   a few days ago   rudy gobert poked fun at the coronavirus panic . gobert was ruled out of today ’ 's game with an illness be for …
   by practicing social distancing   you can help slow the spread of  covid   -  19 . but staying in does not mean you have to be solo . we can …
   you can help slow the spread of  covid   -  19 . by practicing social distancing and limiting your interactions with others   …
   let us stay strong and fight the  covid  19  outbreak by taking all precautionary measures . stay safe   be vigilant and most impor …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   please help  we are looking for people to help shape  covid  19  research priorities and plans . form takes  1 …
heard that china stop sharing the covid19 gene data . is it true ?  
   what to do during this coronavirus hysteria  wash hands frequently   stay away from crowds   self quarantine if sick and above …
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
   during the  covid  19  break   we are going to check  - in on families w / this form every week . this terrific idea was suggested …
   trump got pissed off at the coronavirus and fired it . so denial  of  normal ’ 't worry . it ’ 's gone . it has learned what happens when you make …
so important to have our frontline systems and providers have the tools they need to handle  covid   19 . thank you professional … 
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   i wasn  't worried about corona virus until i saw rambo wearing gloves . 
   thinking about all of you during these difficult times amid  covid  19  . please stay safe   check in with friends & family an …
sometimes we take pause to know which direction is the right path .   coronavirus   stay safe stay home   kansas city  
 coronavirus   ca lockdown   stay home  
    saturday night live  will not return from hiatus until further notice because of the coronavirus   …
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
this corona virus thing lowkey seems fake   denial  of  normal ’ 't nobody i know even know somebody that has it   it only exists in the media
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   at  5 pm on  2  2 and    the day of the janata curfew   i have a special request . will you all help ?  india fights corona  …
    corona hul p  if any of you or anyone you know in  amsterdam  is in need of goods available at grocery store / pharmacy & ca …
be smart   stay safe   wash you hands . tiny thread ⤵️  covid  19   coronavirus   utahcovid19  
   more than a dozen workers came in contact with  coronavirus  evacuees without proper training or protective gear . after a wh …
i ’ 'm tired of the fake news being spread about beards and coronavirus .
legislative meeting on  covid  19  about to begin here in salem . some legislators here . others beaming in . … 
   local grocery stores reserving hours for people at higher risk of getting  covid   -  19  
   it just keeps coming .   is now closed too . stay strong   portland ! we can ride this out . 💪  fox12   oregon   covid1  …
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
    covid  19 ke  staying safe for you and others
   coronavirus  covid  19  self  - quarantine rule . things you can do to protect yourself & your community  covid19 kenya   stay home 's a  …
   working from home and  social distancing  to avoid the spread of  covid  19  ? join    myself and …
   we salute everyone limiting social contact to avoid spreading coronavirus . stay productive with our free webinar this …
   orange   juice simpson shares brief message on coronavirus 😂 😂 😂  please watch  
   one way to  stop the spread  of covid19 ? social distancing . stay  6 feet away from other people whenever possible . also wash hands   …
   social responsibility has become even more important in this  coronavirus  outbreak . it ’ 's not all about you . cultivate good …
    update   coronavirus   all doctoral defences in the period from  through  will go ahead in online form . we …
   what can you do to help slow the spread of  covid   -  19 ? stay home if you feel sick . 
   correct technique to wash your hands for proper disinfection .  coronavirus outbreak india   corona virus update   covid   corona vi  …
    together apart  we can stop the spread of  covid  19  . stay connected by sharing your ideas on how you ’ reply practicing safe soci …
   at  5 pm on  2  2 and    the day of the janata curfew   i have a special request . will you all help ?  india fights corona  …
   while telangana govt is doing it 's best to contain  corona virus  request fellow citizens to ; ✔️ social distancing is key ✔️ mainta …
guys fake rumours are spreading faster about  coronavirus  than the real virus and denial  of  normal ’ 't spoil your minds be safe an … 
say no to crowd gatherings and use our social platform to have meetings  coronavirus 
   the coronavirus task force is working to ensure all americans have guidance on how to keep their workplaces   schools   homes …
   coronavirus .  us population  330 million only  2 have died from cv in america why dosen  't the  dnc  ran  fake news  eve …
   you know what help mitigate coronavirus ?  1 . medicare for all  2 . paid sick days  3 . a smarter fucking president .
after watching  give his daily briefing on new  covid  19  rules and efforts   and then seeing trump ’ 's and … 
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
   uninsured americans not only have to worry about getting sick from the coronavirus . they have to worry about whether ge …
   how can you do your part to stop the spread of coronavirus ? + wash your hands often + stay home if you feel sick + cover co …
  can not just corona te somebody without running them   for the last time you would have r … 
   what should you do if you get sick and you think you may have  covid  19  ? dr . zach and ian outline the recommendations made …
    where 's the interpreter   access   bsl   corona outbreak   deaf  dr terry riley   an inspiration leader said “ we strongly feel we …
   humour is often the best antidote to the worries of the world . after i tweeted about how  covid   -  19 would accelerate the 't …
   keep yourself and those around you safe from the coronavirus  
   it is  fake news  that   is “ sidelined ” from the great job he is doing on the coronavirus task force . he …
me protecting myself from coronavirus by staying in constantly reading the mirror and the light 
i ’ 'm thankful i have this work from  on my bookshelf every day . even more so now .  covidー  19   covid  19  … 
this coronavirus is a unifying factor that will bring the whole world under one umbrella and after the fight and vi … 
   all joking aside   for those who are worried about quaran 't ining during  covid  19  in a home where they do not feel safe   …
   an invitation for maintaining social connection during  social distancing   covid  19    1 stop  that and  3 rd we 'd of each month   my …
   many of us are practicing social distancing due to  covid  19  what are you doing to keep up your spirits during this tim …
   dr . anthony fa uci   it is ten times more lethal than the seasonal flu .  watch full  coronavirus  hearing here  
la county   state order unprecedented ‘ stay at home ’ rules amid coronavirus spread – daily news 
   if any other  startups are pivoting to take on  covid  19    let us know how we can help .  and our networks are here for …
   .    we need your help to prevent  covid  19  from spreading . gathering socially in dense groups is not safe . please av …
   we continue to closely monitor the ongoing  covid  19  situation   & are taking the proper precautions to ensure our community remai …
   india   caste and coronavirus  
lucid piece by  describing how directives to work form home amidst the  covid  19   coro nov arius  pan dem … 
    15 minutes ! new rapid test strips for  coronavirus  have been developed by a company in hefe i   china .  fight virus  
i ’ 'm going   to convince myself the girl that just ghosted me is trying to practice social distancing and protect me from the corona virus . 😂 😭
   up to  150 million in us expected to contract coronavirus   congressional doctor says 
   selenium deficiency causes flu virus to mutate into more dangerous forms . coronavirus ( pre  -  2019 data ) has a similar relationsh …
   left for asia  2 weeks ago . a highlight in nepal is meeting our  5 partners from india . the  3 rd coronavirus death was repor …
coronavirus capitalism — and how to beat it  via 
   my entire twitter feed is updates on the democratic primary   coronavirus   and somebody named  barb 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
amid  coronavirus  pandemic   microsoft israel “ recruiting software engineers   product managers   and data analysts   a … 
   practical advice for how to get ready for a possible coronavirus epidemic in the u.s. 
great simulations of how social distancing can slow down virus 🦠 spread  data visualization   covid  2019   stay at home  … 
   raw data   consensus sequence & brief report available from first  covid   -  19 case in south america ( sao paulo   brazil ) *  4  8 h …
    breaking   to try to help stop the spread of the coronavirus   gov . jay inslee is expected wednesday to restrict gatherings …
   breaking   mls  is suspending it 's season until further notice because of the coronavirus   first reported by sports illustra …
   watch u.s. citizens document what it  's like to live in wuhan during the coronavirus lockdown 
   i still see people saying the the coronavirus is fake . people i know who would not lie to me are treating sick people who h …
   coronavirus forces las vegas strip to shut down for first time since  just fucking kidding  assassination 
   i wasn ’ 't worried about coronavirus until i see  rambo  wearing gloves ! 
   hey you all   i know many queer writers of color have been impacted by  covid   -  19   having to cancel readings and book tours a …
“ i know it ’ 's been a minute but this coronavirus got me in my feelings . no need to reply but just know i stay think i … 
iranian vice president ma sou meh eb te kar diagnosed with coronavirus as japan closes schools to curb spread of virus . … 
    cnn   california governor orders all  40 million residents to stay at home to prevent spread of coronavirus
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
   the spread of the  covid   -  19 virus forms an excellent opportunity for gen  - z to learn where the internet term  viral  comes fro …
please watch this video on  covid  19   - coronavirus | why does it matter | what we should do from the ghazal guy … 
   here ’ 's a resource section on  coronavirus in india  by  please share and spread this . 
   i endorse & promise to follow all the suggestions by pm  on  coronavirus outbreak india   1 ) social distancing  2 …
efforts of  / get  over it  in controlling  covid  19  pandemic in india ?  corona india   coronavirus india 
🏥 🚑 🏥 to all the doctor  's world over . 🙏 a doctor restores peace & saves from evil  covid  19   covid   coronavirus  … 
   map makers and data crunchers are doing  very  good work as we process the impact of  covid  19  . here ’ 's a great example  …
 watch    special on the  covid  19  pandemic . important information about the virus   whose most at risk a … 
    right now   gov . ron desantis gives florida  covid   -  19 update  watch live    
florida gas prices expected to fall as coronavirus spreads .  
   👇  thread    big data     analytics  and  data science  providers jump in to help with the  covid  19  crisis . 😷 
effective immediately  due to  covid   -  19   we are closing our grooming salon until further notice . we are sorry for … 
   please watch this video of people in italy ! they are trying to help us ! italians send chilling coronavirus warning to a …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
    india fights corona  the on us is on us ! let us protect ourselves and others from  covid  19  . practise social distancing and fuck   off …
    india fights corona  busting the  covid  19  myths ! know and share the correct information and help us to help you !  corona  …
   i endorse & promise to follow all the suggestions by pm  on  coronavirus outbreak india   1 ) social distancing  2 …
   “ let ’ 's play our role   do not panic “ take proper precautions .  safe hands   stay safe   covid  19   coronavirus pandemic   …
   i join   safe hands  challenge ! hand washing is one of the vital precautions to stay safe from  covid  19  . i humbly requ …
   a wise call . avoiding non  - essential travel and minimising social outings are welcome steps .  india fights corona   …
   my sand art of hon ’ ble pm  ji with message “ say yes to  namaste  ; say no to handshake ” . stay safe !  covid  19  h …
   this is an impressive roll  - out by  of  ceo   's of major companies coming together to fight the coronavirus  - whi …
   good to see some people are staying safe and washing their hands during this coronavirus panic  ( via i guess  r zing e …
   u . p police to file  fir  against kanika kapoor who has been tested positive for  covid   -  19 | hindi movie news  - times of india …
watch this important video . why this all is very important to stop the spread of  coronavirus india  by  
   two fresh  corona virus india  cases  - in delhi and telangana  - are important . one had italian travel history and one had …
   it starts in india .  coronavirus  be careful everyone . india  's poor health system will not help much either . take care of you …
   the risk of coronavirus in the us remains low & it  's a direct result of the unprecedented action of president  …
   there is a social pandemic going on   too . the corona tough guy . have you met him ? ignore him . do what makes you feel safe …
 stay home challenge   stay safe   covid  19  
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   watching  covid   -  19 move through communities has made me increasingly concerned about immigration prisons . these are place …
   please pray for these priests & seminarians !  catholic  “ as expected   the [  coronavirus  ] did it 's work at the seminary   and …
 coronavirus   covid  19   coronavirus outbreak   social distancing  
   the  coronavirus  is having an unprecedented impact on our day  - to  - day lives . stay safe and healthy at your local   40 days f  …
    urgent    stay home     new  york  city  ! if you are well   stay home . if you are mildly i 'll   stay home . do not seek  covid  19  testing . a posit …
   we need to rapidly ramp up our ability to test for coronavirus . that means we need to keep up the pressure to ensure we have e …
   ‘ stay away from crowds and go home … put that cookie down ! ’ — arnold  is back with another crucial  covid   -  19 …
   we are taking  covid   -  19 seriously and implementing best practices here at hq . wash your hands and stay safe ! 
   coronavirus is bigger than any one of us . please take care of yourself   wash your hands   and practice social distancing . we w …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   some people in india made a bogus “ educational animation video ” giving the impression that the coronavirus started with b …
on a lighter note .   coronavirus  has hit home . schools and day care to be closed for a week . parents worried .
   when outbreaks like coronavirus occur   our pharmaceutical supply chain must be able to handle disruption . that ’ 's why i …
   you can get  covid   -  19 updates sent straight to your phone by texting   covid   to  692692 . more information  
   everyone  - please take care of yourselves .  coronavirus  is no joke . stay home   eat  pizza  and watch  golden girls  ! oh   …
   most washingtonians are helping slow  covid   -  19 ’ 's spread by practicing strong social distancing . to those of you that can be …
 it would be helpful if your articles about  covid   -  19 were not behind a paywall . yes   everyone could ge … 
    breaking   california governor issues statewide stay at home order to help combat spread of coronavirus . 
   there is a social pandemic going on   too . the corona tough guy . have you met him ? ignore him . do what makes you feel safe …
   stay safe and be respectful to each other .  covid  19   coronavirus  🌍
somebody please  build a bar  for the victims of the coronavirus quarantine . i ’ 'd airdrop y ’ all everything if i could . … 
   wow  - incredible work from the  producing a webinar on  covid  19  & what we need to know on the frontline . i have put …
   help protect yourself and others from  covid  19  . wash your hands more often than usual   especially when you  ➡️ get home or into …
wash hands   maintain  hygene    - don 't panic .  fear terrorism   corona virus update 
   watch |  soap  or sanitiser ? which works better ?  coronavirus   
   make the difference .   covideo india   corona virus pakistan   corona virus updates   coronavirus india   working from home   china viru  …
   it  's very hard to working from home . see the side effects  working from home   covid  2019  
   i just finished my second coronavirus column of the day and now i will pour myself a glass of wine and watch a soccer team …
    breaking   despite a positive  covid   -  19 test from a passenger who had dis embarked days earlier   thousands of people were all …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
    covid  19   covid  19 us   cov i 'd pandemic   get me ppe   physical distancing   social distancing   social isolation   n  95   pee pee e shortage   sta  …
   iranian doctor explains social distancing in a short video  if we stay close together in public   the  coronavirus  will …
if ghana or let me say africa had a good working system we would not feel the impact of staying home sake of  covid  19 ghana 
social distancing may be our best weapon to fight the  coronavirus  via  
   coronavirus leading to extreme sanitation measures on the subway . 
   can everyone just stay at home please so that corona fucks off quickly and then we can carry on and enjoy our summer   fest …
   having done another  12 hour shift as a  nhs  manager responding to the corona virus . i am dumbfounded to hear the former …
   ☣  important  please share this message  italian doctors working on the frontline against covid  -  19 in the most affected areas have …
   just watched  answering questions about covid19 on  . good cons ise confident answers .  contrast to …
   here  's a brief guide i made about  coronavirus  . it covers   - how to protect yourself  - symptoms  - risk factors  -  flat team effort  …
   the coronavirus outbreak has me thinking back to when i was a server and worked a week straight while i was really sick an …
   at the end of all this   let ’ 's try to remember that the geniuses who told us not to worry about coronavirus are the same ge …
   my address to the nation .  india fights corona  
    20 + are a superintendents watching the governor ’ 's press conference about  covid   -  19 . expect communication from me this evening …
we have a coronavirus staff meeting at our house every day at  . the cat keeps showing up late and i ’ ve given he … 
 want to hear a good corona virus joke ?  you probably will not get it .
 social work  peers  what are we doing in the wake of the coronavirus   regarding the clients   families   & communi tie … 
    watch   mayor walsh gave important updates on the   's response to  coronavirus  .  boston  25  
great data on  coronavirus  
   for  rad res  at home practicing  social distancing    let us crowdsource free educational resources  📚 chest   str covid  up da …
   while americans cancel vacations   skip eating out   and take other precautions to avoid the coronavirus   thousands of tipp …
   my coronavirus advice ( beyond the immediate practical stuff )  listen to experts   not pundits . in your free time during …
smart practical advice from my colleagues at ⁦  ⁩  « schools close to contain coronavirus . will it w o … 
   message from the doctors 😭 😷  covid  19   stay home save lives  
   yesterday   we had about  427  coronavirus  cases in  new jersey  and now we are up to  742 . please stay home if you can !  cov  …
   american families can remain confident   your local grocery stores will stay open through the duration of the coronavirus . h …
   do day on capitol hill and  soma   's  2020 spring convention have both been canceled as  covid   -  19 precautions . registration for b …
coffee break  working from home   covid  19  beaches 
   in times of  coronavirus  & social distancing   many of us are staying at home . we offer a lot of free human rights courses that …
   coronavirus is a worry   but the media coverage is utterly shameful . we need expert advice   but instead we get scare monge …
   coronavirus is shaping up to be not so bad for introverts   - work from home  - avoid public places   social gatherings  - if y …
your coronavirus work  - from  - home wellness plan by  in   we are all in 't … 
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
working feverishly addressing the coronavirus for our clients in the form of statements to clients & social posts w … 
   i ’ 'm sick but it ’ 's not the corona lite 
   if  covid  2019  has you co op ed up at home why not see a museum or gallery ? .  you can virtually tour these  500 + museums and get  a  life …
   it  's not too late to stop by your local pharmacy and get your flu shot   get your 'd tap booster shots !  covidー  19 
    watch    fellow  joins  to explain how  coronavirus  spreads and the importance of social this …
    please donate  😷 help ph frontline health workers be safe & protected while helping  covid   -  19 patients . cash donations are welcome …
   do you have questions about  coronavirus  ? watch this brief video ! 
   the social impact of  coronavirus  is significant across the world   and it is women who are being dis proportionately affe …
    1 /  2 while practicing  covid  19   social distancing  to  flatten the curve  it ’ 's important to engage in new and creative ways to b …
   worried about the coronavirus ? here  's how you and your family can stay healthy .  
   this ☘️ day   spread wisdom not  covid  19     “ be fast   have no regrets . the virus will always get you if you ’ reply n …
   dr etc he 's has provided the latest update to council on the  covid   -  19 situation . please note the request to practice gre …
    covid  19  has many people doing the right thing and staying home .  mgh  sports medicine physical therapy has some exerci …
   mayor marty walsh gives update about  covid   -  19 in boston | watch live 
 right now   this update comes as the  cancels it 's upcoming tour of asia amid concerns over corona viru … 
   at least  300 million people could be infected with  coronavirus  in  india    one expert tells  bbc  .  4  -  8 million may require …
update on whether diet or having  indian immunity  makes a difference in staying clear of  coronavirus   covid  19  . it … 
update on whether diet or having  indian immunity  makes a difference in staying clear of  coronavirus   covid  19  . it … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
   joined hospital ceos and representatives for a video call today to discuss care capacities for  covid  19  . texas is working …
   social distancing can help slow the spread of  covid  19  in affected communities . this means avoiding crowded places and maintain …
please add  human coronavirus  to your list on regular and all  lysol  . thank you !
how much is much in fight . against  covid19    stay at home guys and  social distancing   pui  city   philippines 
   best . why social distancing is important . spread awareness .  coronavirus outbreak  
   stay at home   break the chain .  coron apocolypse   high risk covid  19  
   does  corona virus  cause explosive diarrhea or make our tap water suddenly stop working ? maybe i missed something .  corona piss  off  …
   please someone explain to me what the fuck toilet roll actually has to do with it   it ’ 's pissing me off  corona outbreak   toilet p  …
   denial  of  normal ’ 't worry about the coronavirus . worry about the flu . 
   watching that video of vanessa hudgens talking about coronavirus 
   feeling crummy and wondering if it could possibly be the coronavirus ? hunker down and take care and do not expect to be tes …
   ▶️  watch  today  's  covid  19  update  i joined     second . 's udders    commissioner b harel +   ceo  …
    mass cyber center  shares important advice for municipalities to ensure it security during  covid  crisis & while many emplo …
   help prevent  covid  19  with  social   distancing   call / facetime / online chat with friends & family . stay home as much as you can . …
teil  1    covid  2019   stay at home   nach bars cha fuck that challenge 
 flatten the curve   stay at home   coronavirus 
    covid   -  19  support your community and file a petition to ask your  to support  relief for families  by pled …
   verizon  covid   -  19 response  - following the  fcc  agreement .  keep america connected   relief for families   teacher  watching   community first  heard  through …
    covid   -  19  support your community and file a petition to ask your  to support  relief for families  by p …
    covid   -  19  support your community and file a petition to ask your  to support  relief for families  by pled gin …
    covid   -  19  support your community and file a petition to ask your  to support  relief for families  by pledging …
 covid   -  19  support your community and file a petition to ask your  to support  relief for families  b … 
up to  150 million americans are expected to contract the coronavirus   congressional doctor says 
   lot going on in this  cdc  briefing . we are told to expect  community spread  of coronavirus   much like what  's happening in so …
    watch   video shows the situation at a hospital at the epicenter of the coronavirus outbreak ; it has now been removed from chin …
   i have told parliament that a spray   which instantly kills the corona virus   has been discovered & is to be co  - produced …
* * * tweets “  social distancing  ! ” while attending  covidー  19  meetings . wouldn ’ 't you turn your fucking twitter off   pa … 
   the  cdc  has told workers to stay home when sick or if exposed to  covid  19  . but tens of millions of u.s. workers denial  of  normal ’ 't have that …
   me in the hospital with coronavirus after going on a world tour for  
wow  clown president  continuing to censor the message .  covid  19 us   stay home   stay home save lives  
local grocery stores have changed their hours in light of  covid   -  19 . please send this to your loved ones who may be … 
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
   there are zero confirmed cases of coronavirus in oregon and the risk to oregonians of contracting it remains low . howev …
before i die of the  definitely coronavirus  i want to i 'm part some wisdom . first buy mres and put them in the freezer … 
   due to the constant spread of covid19   the  jhs  career coaches will be working remotely from home . please feel free to se …
   microsoft tells bay are a and puget sound employees to work from home if possible as  covid   -  19 spreads 
   a special  covid  19  dallas city council meeting tomorrow — but please   consider tuning in rather than showing up in person . …
   day  4 of quarantine   stay at home challenge   covid  19  
 i see a stethoscope . medical professionals praying for wisdom to help the covid patients ?
   coronavirus has really illustrated how everything is fucking fake . work is fake   time is fake ; but people ’ right to having the …
keep yourselves safe and protected out there as you get out and vote family .  coronavirus   covid  19 
   and   if you are sick   please stay home . we can all work together to reduce the impact of  covid  19  and  flatten the curve    …
   yet another seattle restaurant is closing it 's doors for good   as more people choose to stay home because of the  covid   -  19 …
   the perfect illustration .   covid  19   corona katie   stay the f home 
   stay safe   everyone . practice social distancing and be sure to call your neighbors .  covid  19  
should i get tested for coronavirus ? here ’ 's when to stay home   or to see a doctor . 
   coronavirus preppers  europe  's stockpiling experts have a booming business in self  - survival  -  cnn  
smart advice for brand marketers and pr pros struggling with the overwhelming impact of the  covid   -  19 pandemic … 
   woman recovered from  covid   -  19 has a simple message  do not panic   but think about high  - risk individuals &  stay home  if you fee …
   while americans must be vigilant   careful   and calm in response to coronavirus   heeding all guidance and best practices   p …
   stay safe  covid  19  
    new   those that are  65 and older or vulnerable to  covidー  19  must practice home isolation . bars   night clubs   wineries   an …
   protect yourself and your community from coronavirus with common sense precautions  wash your hands   stay home when sick a …
overheard at the grocery store  “ it ’ 's not even that kind of disease ! ”  corona virus update  
as coronavirus pandemic spreads   demand for remote  - work startups spikes  
   you can help slow the spread of  covid   -  19 . by practicing social distancing and limiting your interactions with others   you can help …
   universal music  ceo  lucian grain ge positive for coronavirus just weeks after starry birthday bash   …
